support the person who started the thread resolutely, i am replying to compose a poem.
pledge to fight to the death to defend the diaoyu islands and related islands.
the fishing fleet was bumped, the little japanese ghosts stirred up trouble and unrest, and they showed their wolfish appearance again with the heart of a thief and the arrogance of form.
go back to that time when we appeared to be humiliated when we signed the treaty, china is strong, the sword is sharp, the knife is shining, we must bury the approaching enemy.
2010-09-11
i agree with the analysis of the person who started the thread. if there is a real war, i will be hua mulan, protecting our home and defending our homeland, spreading the prestige of our china, and pledging to fight to the death to defend our national dignity.
i wish i could bear that passionate upsurge long march of mao zedong to lose my head, shed my blood, completely extinguish all the enemies of china and spread our dragon's prestige.
how long will we tolerate japan?
i say to my fellow citizens.
hello everyone, i have to say that japan is now planning another premeditated incident at sea, like the lugou bridge incident, which is similar to the september 18th incident that we all know about.
japan has surprisingly defied the strong condemnation of the whole world and has openly invaded our sacred territory, the diaoyu islands.
diaoyu islands always belong to china, we all know that, because of historical reasons, what belongs to us originally has become controversial.
fellow citizens, i say we are what we are and why the need for negotiation? because japan is going even further, which means they want to create the fact of occupation. can we allow this? absolutely not.
i say to my fellow citizens, japan's militarism has brought grave disasters to the people of asia.
china suffered japan's ravages for several decades.
the japanese unit 731 conducted cruel and brutal human body experiments on chinese, korean and other people with extreme methods, the nanjing massacre added a layer of blood that will never fade away from ancient capital city, over 1000 kilometers of bones of the dead were bare from the bloody and big battle in hengyang and changsha.
i have said to my fellow citizens too many instances of heinous crimes committed by japan in china that are difficult to record, not to exhaust all the bamboo strips.
just like those millions of deceased souls that lost their lives, wandering over the pacific ocean and finding it difficult to rest in peace.
still, all those who experienced that era remember it vividly, and even our younger generation cries tears down our cheeks and boils with indignation as we turn the page of this historical page and read it.
actually, what has woken up the japanese and the chinese in asia is japan's actual wanting to reverse the verdict on its history of aggression.
we have to go forward, despite the pain of looking back at this shameful 100 years, we have to create history and choose history, even if the historical issues are not resolved.
responsible is the reason we are not afraid, the territory is small but it is a matter of dignity, the honor is guaranteed by the interests of the country and the nation, regardless of how the wind and the cloud change, we cannot let our native land be separated, even if it is scarred with wounds.
i say to my fellow citizens, the advent of the 21 st century means that china is facing many challenges, and that we are at a time when we are beset from within and pressured from without.
how should we go about dealing with the taiwan, tibet, south china sea, surrounding environment and foreign aggressive forces of china?
i say to my fellow citizens, look at the world map, and look at the crescent encirclement that is suppressing our breath, strangling our development, coveting our national territory.
we never feared the people, we never wanted to make our enemies, we never feared war, we never wanted war.
we must urgently arrange our armed forces and strengthen all our military forces on land, sea and in the air.
china has never had the ambition to expand its territory outward before china flourished for several thousand years.
we follow a foreign security strategy that applies benevolence and virtue.
the tolerance and liberalness of the country is like the tolerance and liberalness of the individual, which means we have to insist that we not hurt ourselves, but avoid hurting other people.
tolerance is not certain fear, and sincerity is not obligatory cowardice.
china's exemption of japan from war-time repair services is a benevolent peace.
i say to my fellow citizens, the people's heroes monument is a condensed history of the chinese nation that has strived for continuous improvement.
solemn and magnificent postures represent sacred expectations of peace.
my memory string is occasionally agitated by the many heroic and tragic scenes of shining spears and armored horses that spring up in my mind.
i went to that yellow history page and thought, " what i think is that kangxi emperor, who contemplated how he achieved the unification of the territory alone in his audience hall a hundred years ago, and abraham lincoln, who wandered the dark halls of the great hall alone and thought about the integrity of the union, were former u.s. presidents."
snt1: peaceful world is dangerous to forget the war, i say we must never exercise forbearance blindly, we want development and peace, snt2: the boxer protocol, which is a betrayal and humiliation of the nation, is aggravating the poor and backward china, snt3: falling behind is the bully, snt4:
peace comes when there is no strength.
we must focus on education for national defense, build up the great wall in the hearts of 1.3 billion people, and establish a full-range, nation-defending system capable of attack and defense.
snt1 ( the best defense is a good offense; snt2 ( let's strengthen our force to engage in an attack that could be as long as ultra-long; snt3 let's increase investment and construction in the defense industry, accelerate modernization and internationalization of military equipment, and establish high-tech elite quality divisions; snt4 premised on avoiding economic development influence, let's increase investment and construction in the defense industry.
the battle horns are about to sound, people are already fully equipped and ready to go.
without the support of the people, we accomplished nothing, but with their support, we are all powerful.
i say to my fellow citizens, it is time for us to come together to heal this broken nation.
the guarantee fund was established, the working environment and working mechanism were improved, and hundreds of thousands of information technology professionals who emigrated to the united states and around the world back to china were recruited.
2. a few battle groups of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers were created.
3. manufacture 5,000 advanced combat aircraft of various kinds.
4. research and deployment of high-speed intercontinental ballistic missiles with a range of more than 10,000 nautical miles, which could break missile defense systems.
5. nuclear experiments resumed and military forces established in space.
6. retain 1000 nuclear bombs the equivalent of 10000000 tons of trinitrotoluene, and install nuclear warheads on all short-range and medium-range missiles when needed.
[7] 30 nuclear-powered strategic submarines capable of inflicting 3 devastating nuclear strikes on the enemy.
you have abandoned your commitment to not first use nuclear weapons.
9. retain the right to preemptive strikes when national security is threatened.
fellow citizens, i believe that if we are only confident in ourselves and improve ourselves, we can strive to be strong. qin shi huang unified china, zheng chenggong recovered taiwan, we must carry on the far-sightedness, insight and strong will of our predecessors.
fellow citizens, now that piece of land that trembles far from the embrace of motherland is shaking and moaning and calling. let us carry forward what the previous generals wished for but did not fulfill, let us move forward courageously.
reading history, the heaviness and anger in my heart simmered into my national concern. i will serve our motherland as a volunteer to make our motherland prosper and be splendid once again, and i have no regrets even if i die. i am willing to bear the cloth gown and be included in the common people. my sincere patriotic heart is adequate to show to heaven.
i composed this poem in the classical form of ci, to voice the aspirations of my heart.
paint your lips a deep red.
protect the diaoyu islands.
we lost our ryukyu islands bitterly.
how can we allow diaoyu islands to fall into other countries?
100 years of vicissitude.
smoke and cloud chased the flying wave.
the youngest brother is still a tender youth.
all directions wandered and the seals bore.
flagged.
we brandished our weapons and crossed eastward.
let the horses drink from the pacific ocean.
2002-06-26
<a href="http://www
why aren't we fighting the little japan?
what is still tolerated by the chinese?
they ride on our heads even.
do the chinese gut still do this?
we should tell the whole world that china cannot bully other countries at will.
it's time we showed our strength, china has been too calm for too long.
all our citizens' lives are currently too carefree, officials are too extravagant.
we don't have cohesion now already, china needs to start a war, the face of the countries following the us rear has been slapped harshly.
let them know the us is not a panacea, if we win, china's influence can increase, and citizen cohesion can improve, if we lose, we can clean out incompetent bureaucrats and make trash get out, let china have new blood and update.
go china!
i suggest that china strengthen its guard of the diaoyu islands, and guard them every day, and protect the fishermen and our sovereignty. if japan dares to invade our territory by military force, we will fight a small scale war to defend ourselves, regardless of the cost. china cannot lose.
we need to show it in life, but really, you showing that you are someone's embrace is really unintelligible.
i just passed by.
this is like the whole society, including the stars.
damn, not sexy.
it is totally unacceptable.
just a cheap entertainer, they have somewhat of a reputation in feudal china.
their lives were glorious.
the group consists of nine professionals.
life is hard.
shocked
that's normal, and whores are always heartless and the performers are never righteous.
they want money, not face.
look at the wolf near ms. fan with glasses, you know that the actor must have drunk with him or he would have been forced out or even not even framed.
son of a bitch
ok as long as there's something lovely to eat.
no one is easy, life is like a show, you have to look at the script to know how to perform.
all of us.
the top imperial examination scorer has walked 360 degrees in life, so much effort and endeavor behind him, this is a humiliation to the words vermicelli bean.
haha:
overdo
reality
shoot that hooligan.
cheap performers.
cheap performers.
the entertainment circle is dirty, all the men in it are birds, beasts and scum.
that star female is not easy, pity them, who is to blame?
everybody does this, you can make money in any way you want if you don't do this.
women are proud when they are in front of other people, but when they are alone, they are melancholy.
in ancient times, the popular prostitutes were just the stars nowadays, they are now famous, so it's just normal for them to drink and even sleep with some high officials.
stop talking to other people, just behave.
what should we do in the future? not alone capable enough to succeed, do we face such hard choices too?
the suffering is more than it looks, there is no dispute about that.
it's not so bad because they're just playing in their own circle, out of sight, out of mind.
but there's an old guy named zhang jizhong who behaves like a hooligan in his circle and thinks he's virtuous because he's not talented, he made a tv series when he had nothing to do, to wreck the people of the whole country.
both took what they needed.
when will china have a pure and innocent girl?
now the story is very shocking in the entertainment world, rumors are that hsu yuki was forced out because he refused to drink with the company arranged guests and was instead obligated to switch to working as a lawyer's assistant to make an end meeting.
superstars often encounter social encounters or circumstances that they are not welcome to but are obliged to join in.
the reason they cann't decide on many things after all is because the decision has to do with many aspects and the interests of many people.
sometimes, a star's dinner party that seems very normal to us is not so simple that it resembles our imagination.
stars have a lot of contracts and if they tackle well their money source will roll in, if not she will come out of the heels or even in a frame.
two stars, smart and with very high integrity, and they sternly rejected all such invitations.
the second kind of person is good at playing tricks and achieving his objectives with his own seed money.
some even super star female won this way, the first female role.
after some alcohol, the advertiser or sponsor of the show may have a chance to lie on the star's shoulder, feel her chin, or kiss her cheek. the star will most likely adopt an enduring attitude.
they are very low-paid professionals.
those stars are just pretending and actually living a much better life than this.
just a cheap entertainer, there is some sense to their reputation in feudal china.
agree.
oh well, not easy for the actors.
they deserve it, they asked for it.
nothing is easy for me.
women are birds and beasts, and men are more birds than beasts.
2007-08-21
islamic republic of iran
international; weapons; politics; proliferation; energy
the international atomic energy agency has reached an agreement with iranian officials stating that there are no remaining issues or ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.
u.s. and european officials suspect that the iranian civilian nuclear energy program is a mask for an effort to obtain technology that could be used to produce atomic bombs.
u.s. and european officials suspect the iranian civilian nuclear energy program is masking an effort to obtain technology that could be used to produce atomic bombs.
u.s. and european officials could impose the 4 th round of sanctions on tehran, which the u.n. security council is likely to consider on iran's nuclear program in september 2007.
the international atomic energy agency distributed limited copies of a publication copying iaea reports before a meeting of 35 members of the iaea board on 070911.
the findings reflect the agreement between tehran and the iranian officials, which was publicized by iranian officials beginning in the week of august 12, 2007.
the accord says that the issue of iran's nuclear program and its activities will remain unresolved.
a reuters news account said the iaea report said the step forward was a significant step in the work plan.
a senior u.n. official was quoted as saying that iran's efforts to enrich uranium were slow.
the iaea report stated that iranian officials must continue to build confidence in the scope and nature of iran's present and future nuclear programs.
iranian officials stated on august 30, 2007 that iranian officials were cooperating with the iaea in order to prevent further rounds of international sanctions.
iran's representative to the iaea, ali asghar soltanieh, told fars news agency in tehran that the report emphasizes that there is no sign or evidence indicating that iran's nuclear activities have been diverted, and that all of iran's nuclear material has been audited.
some non-proliferation experts stated that the iaea has ceded too much to iran.
in a criticism published 19 august 2007, david albright and jacqueline shire of the washington, dc-based institute for science and international security (isis) wrote that the idea of closing files violates fundamental safeguards and that the agreement does not specify that iranian officials will provide the iaea with access to key people and facilities and necessary documents.
independent experts stated that iran's agreement with the iaea to allow inspectors access to more nuclear sites and information was the latest sign that iran was responding to western demands to halt production of highly enriched uranium which could be used in a potential nuclear bomb.
u.s. state department spokesman tom casey stated that iranian officials have not met any international obligations regarding the nuclear program but that the report may offer some new details or insights into iran's development of the program.
casey stated that the nuclear program is moving forward and shows that the iranian regime is continuing to defy the international community.
most western non-proliferation experts stated that the 20070821 agreement contained little that would dissuade policy-makers in washington, london, paris and berlin from moving another round of security council sanctions forward.
experts stated that the issue of transparency that was previously resolved by agreement on 21 august 2007 should be resolved previously.
arms control association director daryl g. kimball stated that the agreement addresses the problem of iran's pursuit of enrichment technology and capabilities that could lead to the production of nuclear bomb material.
kimball stated that the iranian government is designing to deflect criticism and pressure and to claim progress.
iranian officials stated that more sanctions could reduce the possibility of cooperation between the inspectors and the iranians.
the security council voted unanimously to impose sanctions on iran, but the penalties demanded by the u.s. were limited because of pressure from china and russia.
soltanieh stated in an interview on iranian state-controlled television that the reports and measures made any other international organization irrelevant and unjustified for intervention.
2007-09-30
israel
proliferation; technology; international; politics
the israeli proposal to allow international nuclear technology transfers to non-proliferation rule signatories was distributed to the nuclear suppliers group.
the proposal could complicate the bush administration's efforts to win an exemption for india from nuclear trade restrictions.
israeli officials have convinced a key group of nations engaged in nuclear trade to adopt new guidelines allowing international transfer of nuclear technology to non-proliferation rule signatories.
countries not party to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, including india, israel and pakistan, are prohibited from participating in international nuclear trade, including purchases of reactors, uranium fuel or yellowcake.
in march 2007, 45 members of the nuclear suppliers group were distributed a document outlining israel's proposals.
the israeli presentation was not on a paper that allowed for official denials.
the chairman of the nsg, in a letter, said that israel's presentation was offered in the context of the nsg's debate over the indian bid for exemption on march 17, 2007.
only india and israel, which are not signatories to the treaty, qualify for admission to the nsg under the proposal.
israel's plan offers 12 criteria for allowing trade with non-treaty states in the nuclear field.
one criterion indicates israel's status as a non-declared nuclear weapons state and says that israel should be allowed to engage in nuclear trade if it applies stringent physical protection, control and accountancy measures to all nuclear weapons, facilities and source materials in its territory, and all special nuclear materials in its territory.
the document circulated in the capitol hill in september 2007 as the bush administration was working toward an agreement with indian officials.
arms control association director daryl kimball stated that the israeli document could affect the debate over india.
kimball stated --
at the nsg, officials from india and the united states were not wanting to obstacles to the largest and most powerful countries in the world, india and the united states.
reaching a consensus on india at the nsg meeting in november 2007 was difficult.
israeli proposals gave some officials reason to suggest an alternative approach to specific exemptions.
israel's record, following international nuclear rules, is better than india's.
the bush administration rejected israel's proposal despite israel's ties to the u.s. government.
the proposal could complicate the bush administration's efforts to win an exemption for india from nuclear trade restrictions.
bush and rice viewed the pact as an important part of the administration's foreign policy legacy.
the deal has been controversial in india and will require congressional approval.
the delay in winning approval for the india deal could negatively affect the foreign policy legacy of the administration with the most negative effect being the delay in the election year.
state department spokesman tom casey said the u.s. government views the india deal as unique and does not see it as a precedent for any other country, including israel.
israeli embassy spokesman david siegel said the suggestion that the israeli government demand exemptions or link the effort to any other issue, including the indian debate, is grossly inaccurate.
seigel stated --
the israeli government has never asked the nsg for an exemption from the nsg's nuclear supply guidelines, and has never made a specific request of the nsg for israel.
israel has fully fledge adherence to the nsg guidelines.
the israeli government has urged the nsg to consider adopting a generic, tiered, multiple-criteria-based approach to the transfer of nuclear technology.
some nsg officials have previously suggested an approach similar to israel's plan.
the non-nuclear proliferation regime would be considerably enhanced if the ngsg guidelines were modified in line with the proposals of israeli officials.
2008-07-26
iran (ir)
international; proliferation
ahmadinejad announced that iran's capabilities to produce uranium have been expanded.
iran has refused to commit to a halt in expansion, but has hinted that a halt in the future is possible.
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad stated to scholars in the northeastern city of mashhad on july 26, 2008 that iran will expand its arsenal of centrifuges to produce enriched uranium over 5,000.
ahmadinejad stated that the first expansion since the april 2008 announcement that iran was approaching implementation of 6000 centrifuges.
iran articulated a goal of 50,000 centrifuges operating at a plant near natanz.
the international community demands that iran halt nuclear material production.
the media reports differ from the number of centrifuges cited by ahmadinejad.
iranian news agencies reported that ahmadinejad stated that iran has 6,000 working centrifuges, but subsequently removed the statement from the internet.
iranian news agencies stated that ahmadinejad referred to 100,000 centrifuges.
experts discount the significance of ahmadinejad's claims because there is no information on the functionality of the centrifuges.
western diplomats in tehran speaking anonymously said that the number of centrifuges is less important than whether the machines operate and are efficient, but that ahmadinejad's assertions have hindered resolution of the diplomatic standoff between iran and the west.
new america foundation arms control expert jeffrey g. lewis stated that the think tank realized iran's goal was to assemble 6000 centrifuges, but did not know the status of the machines' operation.
diplomats and arms control experts stated that technical problems hinder iran's enrichment program.
iran repeated its assertion that its nuclear program is aimed only at producing electricity because it contradicts islamic principles.
the us, israel, europe and the majority of western arms control experts believe that iran is pursuing the capability to produce a bomb immediately if it decides to do so.
experts state that producing weapons-grade uranium from reactor grade material is relatively simple.
ahmadinejad stated that the west is still pursuing the resumption of negotiations after iran resisted the west's demand that iran halt its nuclear activities.
eu foreign policy chief javier solana recently presented the two offers to iran.
the package includes incentives to cease production of enriched uranium, which the us has endorsed.
during the six-week freeze period, iran will not add centrifuges and the west will refrain from promoting a fourth round of economic sanctions against iran to the un security council.
us officials repeated that it is not possible to begin negotiations before iran halts all enrichment-related activities that can be verified, but the bush administration has recently agreed to a proposed freeze and dispatched burns to geneva.
iran refused to respond to the offer made by solana on 26 july 2008 in geneva where us undersecretary of foreign affairs william j. burns was attending.
the talks constitute the highest level of diplomatic contact between the us and iran in nearly 30 years.
before initiating new sanctions that include prohibiting the sale of refined petroleum products vital to the iranian economy, solana, burns and the european envoy set a deadline for a positive iranian response.
iranian officials have refused to commit to stopping the expansion or observing deadlines.
ahmadinejad's suggestion that iran could potentially halt the expansion of centrifuges over a six-week period appeared on july 26, 2008.
ahmadinejad stated that the west consented to the existence and operation of between 5000 and 6000 centrifuges if the number of centrifuges did not increase.
if the material is highly enriched, 5,000 centrifuges could produce enough nuclear material for a power plant or an atomic bomb.
6000 centrifuges running continuously could produce weapons-grade uranium for a single bomb in 6 months.
the international atomic energy agency stated in may 2008 that iran possessed 3500 operational centrifuges.
2008-11-14
iran; russia; china; france; united states
international; weapons; proliferation; government; politics; energy
the paris diplomatic meeting concluded that further steps to pressure iran to halt uranium enrichment at its natanz facility would not be agreed to.
on 14 november 2008, a diplomat stated to media that the united states, european, russian and chinese officials had not reached agreement on further action to persuade iran to halt uranium enrichment at its natanz facility.
the technical process of uranium enrichment is a high-tech process that can produce nuclear power plant fuel and produce fissile material for atomic weapons.
the meeting on 13 november 2008 ended without new measures or announcements.
the french foreign ministry released a statement on 13 november 2008 stating that the dual-track approach to engaging iran diplomatically and working towards sanctions is an important international declaration of reaffirmation.
russia and china resist new sanctions on iran.
russia and china are closely tied to iran politically and economically and do not feel domestic pressure to act against iran.
the united states is closely tied to the islamic republic of iran in politics and business and feels domestic pressure to act against iran.
russia and china hold veto power over security council decisions.
russian diplomat sergei ryabkov was quoted by interfax news agency in moscow as saying that the russian party had not struck a deal on iran sanctions at the november 13 meeting and that western countries favor the sanctions but china and other countries do not support them.
sergei ryabkov attended the meeting on 13 november 2008.
a week ago, a report was released stating that iran has made significant progress in the construction of a heavy water research reactor near the city of arak.
the iranian heavy water research reactor near the city of arak may eventually be able to produce plutonium that could be used in nuclear weapons.
satellite images published by the institute for science and international security show significant progress in the construction of the heavy water research reactor near arak between february 2008 and october 2008.
david albright stated that the heavy water reactor near the iranian city of arak is evading notice from the international security community.
david albright said the satellite images said the progress of iran's heavy water research reactor near arak was significant and that the reactor was 1.5 years into building a frame for a large finished facility.
david albright, a former arms inspector and director of the washington, d.c.-based institute for science and international security,
iran has stated that it is pursuing nuclear technology for energy production and research.
the united states and its western allies suspect that iran's nuclear production effort preceded the creation of iran's nuclear weapons infrastructure.
under international arms control regulations, the production of low-grade uranium is legal.
the technical and diplomatic challenge facing the incoming barack obama's united states foreign policy team is to take on the task of stopping iran from mastering the technology that could be used to manufacture and deliver nuclear weapons, which iran has developed to the latest stage.
the administration of george w. bush, the president of the united states, managed to synchronize u.s. policy with the european union, great britain, france and germany in the last month in power to press for tougher sanctions against iran and diplomatic action.
the international atomic energy agency is expected to release a report next week criticizing iran.
the international atomic energy agency is the united nations' nuclear watchdog.
the lack of new initiatives on iran's nuclear program at talks in paris on 13 november 2008 decreased hopes that another set of united nations security council sanctions would be imposed before the end of president bush's term.
iran continues to work toward mastering nuclear and missile technology while maneuvering diplomatically.
some israeli officials stated that iran's test of a solid-fuel second-stage rocket with a range of 1,200 miles this week alarmed them.
tel aviv is less than 650 miles from iranian territory.
2002-04-06
russian federation (ru)
international; science; energy; weapons
the russian high security laboratory complex that stores anthrax, plague and other deadly bacteria lost electricity because it had not paid its electricity bills to mosenergo.
the loss of electricity would threaten the safety of a large repository of deadly pathogens, including anthrax, plague and other bacteria, stored in a highly secure russian laboratory complex 100 miles south of moscow.
recently, officials from the moscow region's electricity utility mosenergo arrived at the russian laboratory complex and threatened to turn off the electricity because of a lack of payment.
the campus is a 90-building complex of russian laboratory, and served as the location of a secret biological weapons program during the soviet era.
the incorrect headline in the izvestia newspaper stated that the virus that kills from the moscow region depository threatened the city.
the virus is not at the state scientific center of applied microbiology in obolensk.
every kind of bacterium being studied for use in the soviet union's secret biological weapons program was located at the state scientific center of applied microbiology.
the virus repository is located in siberia.
russian and western officials stated that the power cut-off at the state scientific center of applied microbiology is unlikely to result in any threat to public health.
russian and western officials stated that there was not enough certainty to know why the power was lost at the state scientific center of applied microbiology and that it was therefore impossible to know why the public health threat occurred.
nikolai urakov, a general, said by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has a system that could be quite reliable in an emergency.
longtime director of the state scientific center of applied microbiology nikolai urakov was a general.
the state scientific and applied microbiology center is working with western scientists to convert complexes into biomedicine manufacturing sites.
nikolai urakov, a general, said in a telephone interview that the researchers at the state scientific center of applied microbiology were scared by this threat of sudden electricity shutdown, which he said was a kind of psychological pressure.
nikolai urakov, a general, stated by telephone that scientists would have to destroy all ongoing bacteriological experiments if power was shut down at the state scientific center of applied microbiology.
general nikolai urakov said that the united states and western countries have contributed about 6 million dollars to transform the former bioweapons complex and that another 5 million dollars will be paid annually to pay electric bills and arrears of the state scientific center of applied microbiology.
american scientists working at the closely-linked state scientific center of applied microbiology stated that the russian government is responsible for paying the research institute's electricity bills.
the peak of western aid to convert one bioweapons laboratory occurred in 1997 because it was learned that iran had offered to purchase research experts from the state scientific and applied microbiology center.
the russian scientists and military leaders who are now dependent on western financing to destroy nuclear, chemical and biological weapons know that a crisis sense will increase financing.
american scientist randall lee beatty is working to convert the obolensk state scientific center of applied microbiology into a research institute.
beatty stated that this threat to cut electricity at the state scientific and applied microbiology center is a crisis.
randall lee beatty is the director of the international science and technology center.
the international science and technology center (istc) has financed approximately half of the budget of istc's support of about 350 russian biowarfare scientists and technicians.
randall lee beatty stated that the ssca m has not paid its electricity bill for 14 months.
randall lee beatty stated that the state scientific and applied microbiology center is one of the most important locations in the world for archiving dangerous pathogens and that it is a shame that the location was destroyed because of non-payment of electricity bills.
approximately 3000 strains of bacteria are stored at the state scientific center of applied microbiology and many others are stored in cryogenic casks cooled with liquid nitrogen and isolated from the environment in all-layer enclosures and oversized air-handling systems that depend on electricity for function.
the greatest danger is from the shutdown of the electric power at the state scientific and applied microbiology center, as the live germs preserved in the current frozen state will defrost.
raymond zilinskas, a biological warfare expert at the monterey institute of international studies, said the main threat is that the power of the state scientific center of applied microbiology will be cut instead of the threat of the possibility of the organism escaping.
raymond zilinskas stated that if the worst case scenario happened, the bacteria would be defrosted at -70 degrees and the clean up afterwards would be a real mess because it is not certain that all the bacteria would die.
another example is the confrontation between the electricity utility mosenergo and the obolensk state scientific center of applied microbiology, where the basic capitalist imperative of enterprise sustainability can be dangerously clashing with the old soviet union weapons science.
the russian national power company cut off electricity at a strategic base where a nuclear missile was on high alert because a 2000 power bill was overdue.
the missile silos lost power.
arm troops marched to the substation and turned the power back on.
united energy systems, a national company, cut power at a number of military installations around russia in january and february 2001.
the kamchatka center that monitors the russian space forces includes a lost power military installation.
electricity will be restored quickly in most cases of military installations that have cut off electricity.
investigations often show that the utility and military tug of war is a war of military force forcing the military to spend budget funds on electricity power instead of diverting the money to other useful things.
some budget cuts have been made to fund the construction of residences in the country for the general.
2004-07-24
brazil
international; crime; government; narcotics
brazil has implemented a law allowing the air force to target drug trafficking aircraft in brazil's airspace.
the us is concerned about liability if a civilian plane is misidentified.
brazil announced that the air force will begin shooting down aircraft used to traffic in illegal drugs in brazil's airspace.
before the order to shoot down the plane could be issued, the plan required eight precautionary steps.
prior to the policy taking effect in late october 2004, the publicity campaign notified ranchers and others that they needed to file a flight plan.
the original law permitting such actions was approved in 1998, but president fernando henrique cardoso never put the policy into effect.
the united states dissuaded cardoso from signing the decree because of concerns that the accidental downing of a civilian aircraft could expose the government and companies to lawsuits.
in april 2001 the united states reduced its support for the operation targeting drug-running aircraft after a peruvian jet shot down a small plane misidentified as a drug carrier and killed a peruvian missionary and her child.
the relatives of the victims sued the us government and won a settlement from the us government for providing intelligence and technical support for the operation.
the us state department official stated --
under certain conditions, us law could forbid assistance to countries implementing the shoot-down law.
the us agrees with brazil's assessment that the threat from drug traffickers is very serious and increasing.
the us government consulted the brazilian government on provisions of brazilian law.
brazilian defense minister jose viegas stated that while brazil has encountered difficulties in securing us support for the plan, recent bilateral talks have led to a certainty that the brazilian government will accept the decree without exposing brazil to commercial sanctions.
brazilian officials expressed hope that the us would endorse the policy before it goes into effect.
the us has scheduled 20040000000 dollars in drug aid and law enforcement aid to brazil.
former air force chief and current director of the air institute of the rio de janeiro university, general mauro jose miranda gandra, stated that the government's measure was a courageous step, but that the impact's political and practical impact could be more than the government of brazil is willing to impose.
brazilian officials stated that the policy would not apply to aircraft boarding children.
viegas stated that there is a need for limits.
gandra stated that the provision undermines the essential purpose of the decree by granting immunity to drug smuggling aircraft carrying children, thus introducing the possibility of using kidnapped children as human shields.
viegas said in an interview in brasilia that the government is using the law more powerfully to dissuade drug traffickers who previously felt they were not threatened by the air force.
the deterioration of the public security situation in sao paolo and particularly rio de janeiro, where powerful and increasingly violent drug gangs are active, has prompted the government to act.
in rio de janeiro, drug gangs have more firepower than the police, have successfully attacked police stations and have forced businesses and schools to close.
in a 2003 interview with a foreign correspondent, president luiz inacio lula da silva stated --
policy is about national sovereignty and national security.
some pilots of drug-running aircraft feel so confident of immunity that they give the brazilian air force pilots pursuing them the obscene gesture.
the constitution is a law under which brazil prohibits the death penalty as a punishment for criminal acts.
some legal experts and other commentators stated that the statutory amount was in fact a de facto death sentence for drug traffickers, contrary to the government's claims.
the o estado de sao paolo newspaper in a daily editorial stated that the extreme measure raises ethical and juridical problems that exceed any potential benefits.
the application of extrajudicial penalties on administrative decisions by the air force commander is unlawful.
these people gained the power of life and death over the crew members and regular passengers.
brazil inaugurated in 2002 the sivam radar system at a cost of $ 1.4 billion which allows the government to monitor air activity throughout the expansive amazon region for the first time.
the system uses united states technology.
illegal flights declined by 30 percent initially, but subsequently reaccelerated.
brazil recorded 4,128 unauthorized flights in 2003.
some of these flies are illegal, ranchers flying between plantations in the amazon basin are innocent.
viegas stated that the deliberate violation of brazilian airspace by drug smugglers who appear to realize that the brazilian government is incapable of retaliation has increased significantly.
in april 2001, the most notorious rio de janeiro drug boss fernandinho beira-mar was captured in colombia on a drug-gun pipeline involving left-wing guerrillas.
the northern amazon corridor in brazil has become a busy and increasingly essential route in the global drug trade and is used to smuggle arms, gold and diamonds.
colombia and suriname are reportedly running a route across the northern tier of the amazon that is one of the most important routes for supplying europe with cocaine via the drug and gun smuggling route.
colombia is the only country with a current policy targeting drug trafficking aircraft.
colombia is the source of much of the cocaine and heroin sold in the united states.
2005-07-16
venezuela (es)
international; weapons; leader; military
the venezuelan president has been worrying venezuela and its domestic critics with his dealings with russia over weapons, curbs on military cooperation with the united states, and plans to train 2 million venezuelan civilians to repel a possible superpower invasion.
chavez, the president of venezuela, is worried about the plans of a former military officer of the left to deal with russia over weapons, curb military cooperation with russia, and plan to train 2 million civilians to repel an imperialist invasion.
chavez insisted the move was purely defensive and overdue for venezuela to update its obsolete military hardware and protect itself from nations that might want to control venezuela.
venezuela is the country with the most petroleum production in south america.
domestic opponents of chavez scoffed at the idea of the us ever invading venezuela and charged that chavez was truly intent on arming a huge cadre of loyal reservists to protect against any internal rise-up and posing a militarized counterweight to the us' influence in latin america.
castro is a major ally of chavez and the two have grown closer.
detractors of chavez in the us government say that chavez's strategy of restructuring venezuelan democracy through a militarized socialist style image could even more troubled by the possibility of chavez purchasing arms and indoctrinating civilian militias.
us strategists are increasingly concerned about the potential fomenting of such a radical move inspired by chavez that could lead to such a revolution.
latin american politics have shifted leftward since the late 1990 s.
this large shift to the left is a reaction to the perceived failure of free market economics.
the left has elected leaders in brazil, argentina, chile, uruguay, ecuador and venezuela.
supporters of chavez at home counter that the united states has a long history of open and covert intervention in the domestic politics of latin america and that the united states has no right to question venezuela's preparations for defense.
carlos roque espinoza leon said venezuelans never asked what the us marines did.
the venezuelan national assembly is the country's serving legislative body and is specialized in defense.
espinoza said peru has 500,000 rifles and no one is saying anything.
espinoza said no one complains about the most militarized country in latin america being colombia.
espinoza said the us history is full of aggression in latin america.
espinoza said venezuelans must do whatever is necessary to protect the country.
chavez said in his fame that the so-called bolivarian revolution in venezuela was a peaceful event, not armed.
chavez was first elected in 1998 and according to an independent poll by datanalisis, he was rated at 71 % popularity.
venezuelan military analyst alberto garrido said chavez was looking for allies to promote a multi-polar world that would counter us dominance and encourage grass-roots movements in latin america to throw off government influence.
lorenzo campos, a farmer from anzoategui state in northern venezuela, and a reservist trainer.
campos said venezuelans want the world to know they are not preparing an attack on anyone and that venezuela is on a mission of protection.
in may 2005, chavez's government announced details of a deal with russia to purchase 100,000 ak-103 assault rifles with 30 rounds of ammunition each for $ 18.6 million and transfer technology to venezuela for manufacture of the rifles.
the deal works out to $ 186.22 per rifle.
the price of these things is considerably less than the $ 825 - $ 850 price of the same weapons ordered through the us postal service.
the venezuelan government also intends to buy 10 russian helicopters, 10 spanish transport planes and 6 naval craft from russia.
venezuelan officials said the government was negotiating with brazil to buy around 24 air and train support planes.
chavez insists and even the staunchest military critic here, retired general, agrees that the purchase is essential to update old weapons like the belgian military's decades-old fal rifles.
retired general fernando ochoa antich said that the statement that chavez is building up the armed forces is an exaggeration.
ochoa was defense minister in 1992 when chavez launched a failed coup.
ochoa stated that venezuela has not purchased arms in the past 25 years and that chavez has not bought weapons aggressively or threateningly towards venezuela's neighbors.
ochoa said venezuela has never bought arms from russia and suggested chavez was buying arms to become independent of the us.
ochoa asked why chavez bought the popular rifle caliber among latin american subversive forces and stated that his political support for the radical leftist move made him a continental menace.
the pentagon is openly questioning what chavez is doing with the old fal rifles and whether he might be sharing weapons or ammunition with guerrilla forces in latin america.
the us government has provided no evidence that chavez is arming or funding leftist insurgents.
the military analysts who analyzed the colombian farc guerrillas said the rebels have plenty of money for weapons from drug trafficking and are not interested in old rifles from belgium or chavez's assistance.
a 2003 us defense intelligence agency (dia) study reported that more than half of the weapons seized from colombian guerrillas between 1998 and 2001 originated in venezuela.
it is possible that corrupt venezuelan military members or sympathizers could aid the guerrillas.
critics say the chavez-opposing domestic may be more distressed by the chavez-ideological military and civilian reservists new people are mindful of.
so chavez called for the revolutionary units to start preparing the public for resistance to the superpower aggressor earlier in 2005 and said that resistance would be the first step in training the active duty armed forces back-up with volunteers of between 1 million and 2 million.
military analysts estimate that venezuela's active duty armed forces number 83,000.
the people's defense units were created in neighborhoods, state companies and the chavez-established free university and directly report to the president.
the government insists that the reserve supports the armed forces and will not act against the fifth column against chavez in a possible coup.
espinoza said that the reserves should not be used for any shock troops and that each person should decide which side they are on in a civil war.
the general julio ramon quintero viloria is the commander of the reserve.
quintero said in an interview that the armed forces hope to train 50,000 civilians over 20 weekends in 2005 and that 300,000 more could be trained in 2006.
quintero said venezuelans did not want any empire's colony and were ready for any possibility.
in june 2005, 100,000 reservists and the venezuelan navy were engaged in a massive war game to repel a stronger invading country.
in june 2005, 40 state oil company employees participated in a similar exercise with 1,200 soldiers.
the pro-chavez circle here warns of asymmetrical warfare.
asymmetrical warfare is a term coined by us strategic military personnel to describe conflicts between unequal combatants where the weaker side employs guerrilla tactics.
the us government has given colombia $ 3.3 billion in military aid over the past five years.
chavez loyalists fear that the us government may instigate a proxy war with venezuela in order to oust chavez and control venezuelan oil.
in an interview, a senior us official dismissed the notion that the us government wants to invade venezuela as utterly complete nonsense.
officials said chavez's side wishes to make a negative relationship because chavez's political calculation is that he will reach power by constantly confronting the us.
another trouble for the united states is the development of chavez rolling back military cooperation and joint exercises.
the us military has had a cooperation office in venezuela for 50 years.
in 2004 chavez shut it down.
5 us military trainers and students participating in the exchange program left the country in april 2005.
analysts say chavez is likely to try to indoctrinate his public and armed forces.
analysts say that chavez's use of that force to aid leftist revolutions elsewhere is unproven.
2007-06-18
democratic people's republic of korea (kp)
proliferation and international.
the north korean government was preparing to begin shutting down the plutonium-producing reactor in june 2007 in a first step to disable the reactor by december 2007.
christopher hill, the assistant secretary of state, said on june 18, 2007 that the north korean government could prepare to begin shutting down the plutonium-producing reactor by june 2007 and would take the first step of disabling the reactor by december 2007.
hill is the head negotiator for the united states on the north korean nuclear weapons program.
hill stated that the stalled dismantlement effort of north korea's nuclear weapons program could move ahead after the international atomic energy agency inspectors' visit to pyongyang, which was invited by pyongyang officials, on june 16-17, 2007.
hill stated that the shutdown is anticipated to be long following talks with chinese negotiator wu dawei.
hill stated that it is possible to shut down in a week or so but not in a month or so.
the associated press reported that the iaea stated on june 18, 2007 in vienna, austria that a team visited pyongyang in june 2007 to discuss the manner of inspectors verifying the shutdown.
hill stated that the iaea inspectors held talks with pyongyang officials about the reactor seals, including the installation of television monitoring sites.
north korean officials refused to proceed with an agreement to begin decommissioning yongbyon until 25 million dollars in funds held in a linked account in north korea were transferred to a bank in macao.
money was frozen after united states officials accused banco delta asia of complicity in north korean financial crimes.
the new york federal reserve bank wired funds on june 14, 2007, after months of disagreement over the method of returning the funds.
the fund is supposed to have been sent to the russian central bank before the transfer of the north korean government's account at a russian commercial bank.
hill stated that talks with russian, south korean and japanese disarmament negotiators were to take place on june 17, 2007 to talk about steps to recoup time lost in the financial transfer organization.
the talks' timetable was also discussed, involving the set of timetables for the six nations to resume talks on arms control.
north korean officials pledged to shut down yongbyon and allow inspectors to verify and monitor the shutdown in return for 50,000 tons of fuel oil shipments by february 2007.
north korean officials declared all-nuclear programs and disabled all facilities in return for further 950000 tons of fuel oil in the next phase of the agreement.
hill stated that the next phase of the agreement could be concluded by december 2007 technically.
2007-08-27
islamic republic of iran
international; weapons; proliferation; government; energy
the head of the arms control experts criticized the new iranian-international atomic energy agency u.n. plan as ineffectual and dangerous.
iran and the international atomic energy agency of the u.n. released a plan on 08/27/2007 to resolve the issue by december 2007.
the issue has not been resolved in 4 years.
the plan allays suspicions about iran's nuclear activities in the past.
officials said the plan was a breakthrough.
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad stated on 28 august 2007 at a news conference in tehran --
now, the iranian nuclear activity is under investigation.
none of the other icna members have cooperated as well as iran has.
iran is the nucleus of the nation.
iran has a nuclear fuel cycle.
iran has not succumbed to international pressure to curb its nuclear projects.
the purpose of iran's nuclear project is peaceful.
the united states and some european nations believe iran's nuclear project is to make nuclear weapons.
several western governments and leading arms control experts stated that iran was attempting to avoid further punishment by the u.n. security council.
the united states and france are among western governments.
the government and experts believe that iran is attempting.
the arms control process is slow.
the answer to the question of whether iran has violated past treaties is to avoid.
david albright, a physicist and president of the institute for science and international security, stated --
the iranian claims cannot be verified.
the international atomic energy agency has no access to people, documents or sites.
the organization lost the right to further question the international atomic energy agency.
the usual development sets a bad precedent.
the international atomic energy agency could be tricked because of its eagerness to make a deal.
the international atomic energy agency (iaea) announced --
iran has resolved the question of its past plutonium experiments without explanation.
mark fitzpatrick, a senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies, stated --
the international atomic energy agency's plan is superficial.
the international atomic energy agency's plan drew out negotiations for many months.
the international atomic energy agency's plans to leave an incomplete and misleading answer from iran could leave.
the international institute for strategic studies is located in london.
plutonium is a material that can be used to make nuclear weapons.
the institute for science and international security is a private research organization located in washington, d.c.
the international atomic energy agency is based in vienna.
2007-11-15
islamic republic of iran
proliferation; international; business
the list from the nuclear suppliers group shows that iran has been denied the purchase of nuclear-related materials approximately 75 times since 1998 because of suspicions that the purchases could be used for building a bomb.
the list of nuclear suppliers group shows that iran has been denied the purchase of nuclear-related materials since 1998 approximately 75 times because of suspicions that the purchases could be used for building a bomb.
the nuclear suppliers group is an offshoot of the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and is charged with monitoring international trade to ensure that nuclear technology transferred for peaceful purposes does not fall into military use.
the nuclear suppliers group is composed of advanced technology countries.
the nuclear suppliers group's mission statement says that countries should act individually to block trade that violates export controls devised to maintain international cooperation on the peaceful use of nuclear energy.
the nuclear suppliers group has no enforcement powers beyond notifying companies of violations of its guidelines.
the nuclear suppliers group keeps data private and meets in large secrecy.
most denials have been since 2002 and have resulted in intervention by nuclear suppliers group member countries.
diplomats from countries of interest in exposing the extent of iran's efforts to acquire so-called dual-use items that could be converted into weapons were made available a list of trade denials.
the list is available, provided that the diplomat and his country are not identified.
the list includes australian, finnish, swedish and united arab emirates companies, and iranian companies prevented from carrying out deals because of suspicions that the items being sold were of military use.
the items listed for sale as part of a block deal offer include nickel powder, petrochemical plant components, compressors, furnaces, steel flanges and fittings, electron microscopes, ore-sorting radiometric machines, valves and tubing, lasers, rotary drilling rigs, mass spectrometers, nitrogen producing plants.
the iranian government, the country's atomic energy organization, power companies, engineering companies, petrochemical companies refining oil, gas companies, the aircraft industry, schools, universities, engine manufacturers, mineral research centers, helicopter support companies, plasma physics centers are iranian end-use organizations.
diplomats stated that the denials only represented the actions of 7 of the 45 member states.
the diplomat stated that the actual number of denials of the sale of dual-use products to iran is much higher than 75.
western diplomats stated that the iranian government in tehran is using front companies to receive technology and convert it into weapons production without detection, causing the standoff over iran's nuclear program to continue.
iran has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty but is not a member of the nuclear suppliers group.
2008-08-08
georgia; russian federation
international, government, dissent, war, conflict, weapons, politics
russia struck targets in georgia by air on august 8, 2008.
the air strike escalated the conflict in the separatist areas of georgia.
russia struck targets in georgia by air on 8 august 2008.
the air strikes escalated the conflict in the separatist areas of georgia.
the conflict tests russia's power and military reach.
russian troops and armored vehicles entered south ossetia more early on august 8, 2008.
the presence of russian troops has supported the bitter conflict in the separatist areas of georgia.
the u.s., western nations and nato condemned the violence.
the u.s., western nations and nato have demanded a cease fire.
u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded that russia withdraw its forces.
russian soldiers remain in georgia.
a georgian official reported that at least one air strike had been launched on poti on the black sea coast on august 8, 2008.
russia and georgia, which showed no indication of relenting.
russian prime minister vladimir v. putin stated that war has started.
georgian president mikheil saakashvili accused russia of invading georgia well planned.
georgia mobilized military reserves.
the website of the georgian government crashed intermittently on 8 august 2008.
the crash signals the end of the cyber warfare campaign against georgia.
the dispute could renew a sustained conflict in the caucasus.
the caucasus is an important conduit for oil flowing from the caspian sea to world markets.
the conflict in the caucasus has lasted for years along the russian border.
the most recent conflict was in the chechen province.
the russian military incursion into georgia has indicated russia's confidence and resolve.
the russian military incursion provides a test of russia's military capacity.
putin has attempted to modernize and reequip the russian military during his two terms as president.
russia announced earlier in 2008 that it would expand its support for the separatist region.
georgia has labeled russia's annexation an act of support.
the report conflicts on whether georgian or russian forces won control of tskhinvali on august 8, 2008.
by late august 2008, russian and georgian soldiers were not clear on the ground combat or on the limits of the fighting between separatists and georgian forces.
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.
georgia is a mountainous country.
the rebel province of georgia.
2008-09-19
iraq (en)
international; telecom; technology; crime; leader; media; dissent
iran's fars news agency stated that hackers who are known to be xp have defaced and blocked hundreds of websites related to shiites.
the official website of iraq's leading shiite cleric, grand ayatollah ali al-sistani, was included in a list of websites that have been defaced and blocked.
xp stated on the defaced website that any website containing material contrary to sunni teachings would be hacked.
the official website of iraq's leading shiite religious leader, grand ayatollah ali al-sistani, was defaced and blocked in a cyber attack motivated by sectarianism.
the attacks did not begin on 080918 or 080919 morning.
al-sistani's website was offline on 19 september 2008 evening.
the website www.al-shia.com, which is related to another religious organization, al-sistani, is also affected.
the alternative address www.sistani.com is still operational.
iran's fars news agency stated that xp has blocked access to approximately 300 shiite-related sites from 080918 to 080919.
the claims of a hack and iran's assertions that the xp group is based in the united arab emirates cannot be independently verified.
several iranian news sites stated that many of the web sites related to shiites and iran were again running normally on 19 september 2008.
the xp group posted on al-sistani's home page and stated that the attack was on behalf of the sunni muslims.
the statement said --
xp has carried out attacks on other shiite sites in the persian gulf and iraq, similar to the attacks carried out by xp.
xp groups erased the site as they did with other rafidha religious groups.
rafidha means rejectionist and the insulting use of the term shiite by sunni extremists.
in iraq, al-sistani has promoted sex deviancy and the iranian agenda as he bears in iraq.
any website with material contrary to sunni teachings will be punished.
the statement also consists of a youtube video clip of united states comedian bill maher ridiculing a fatwa from al-sistani on whether certain sex positions are permissible for married couples.
the office of the ayatollah in the city of najaf declined to comment on the cyber attack.
fars reported that a counterattack was carried out against two major wahhabi websites belonging to the puritanical sunni islamic strain that dominates saudi arabia.
2008-10-08
somalia, ukraine, kenya
crime; weapons; international; money
the pirates approached the ukrainian freighter, which was carrying a large cargo of arms, with a deal for the ship's release.
questions emerge regarding the arm shipment to kenya and the possible clandestine arms dealings with south sudan.
on october 8, 2008 maritime officials and associates of the somali pirates who hijacked the ukrainian freighter carrying a large cargo of arms on september 25, 2008 stated that the pirates could soon collect their ransom.
after difficult negotiations involving several people involved in a bazaar-style haggling, the parties reached a deal that included a $ 100 million payment to pirates and the freeing of ships.
ahmed omar ahmed from xarardheere in somalia stated that pirates had agreed to a ransom of approximately 8 million u.s. dollars from the ship owners and that the ship could be freed on or around october 8 or 9, 2008.
xarardheere, a notorious pirate base on the coast of somalia.
kenyan maritime officials stated that there is yet to be an agreement on critical details.
such a request involves one detail: that the pirates will not be arrested or attacked by the united states warships currently encircling them.
a kenyan maritime official stated that such negotiations are complex and involve more than financial aspects.
officials stated on october 8, 2008 that progress was made and the parties had agreed on an approach.
the pirates initially requested 35 million u.s. dollars and then reduced it to 20 million u.s. dollars.
the pirates have consistently expressed their willingness to negotiate financial figures.
more than 25 ships were hijacked off the coast of somalia in 2008, typically ransomed for between $ 1 and $ 200,000 u.s.
the pirates who boarded the ukrainian ship stated that the ship and its cargo and the 20 sailors on board would be released in exchange for a payment of us dollars and the pirates preferred a 100 dollar bill.
the original destination country of the arms shipment that boards the ukrainian ship is -
the kenyan government claimed that the weapons were being shipped to the kenyan military shortly after the hijacking of the freighter on 25 september 2008.
ships on the main kenyan port of mombasa route.
the weapons on board include 33 t-72 tanks, 150 grenade launchers, 6 anti-aircraft guns and large quantities of ammunition.
subsequently, evidence emerged of the weapons kenya had been dealing in clandestine arms to the southern sudanese separatist region.
if the hijacking of the ship and the pirates not beginning to speak to the media via satellite phone does not remain a secret, then.
ukrainian officials are adamant in denying any wrongdoing.
ukraine's diplomat in kenya oleh belokolos stated --
ukraine has no supply plans for any armaments for the south sudan government and has no supply of any armaments for the south sudan government.
all appropriate paperwork has been validated.
ukraine will abide by all un rules and agreements on arms control.
ukraine inherited an enormous stockpile of weaponry after the collapse of the soviet union and is now dealing in major arms deals.
the deal with ukraine is suspicious because kenya relies most on the united kingdom and other western countries for heavy weapons supplies.
kenyan politicians have demanded answers and called for several commissions to examine the situation.
the autonomous region of southern sudan, which currently has increased military capabilities and uses soviet-designed tanks, is a region.
the united states military stated that it is a priority to ensure that weapons are not unloaded from ships and sold to islamist insurgents in somalia.
pirates denied having any interest in the weapons and claimed not to have realized tanks were included in the cargo when they hijacked the ship.
pirate spokesman sugule ali stated in an interview last week that the pirates are solely interested in money in the deal.
2008-11-28
afghanistan (af)
narcotic
u.n. drug office head antonio maria costa said that afghanistan produced so much opium in recent years that the taliban cut back on poppy cultivation and stockpiled raw opium in order to support the price and preserve a major source of insurgency financing.
u.n. drug office head antonio maria costa said that afghanistan produced so much opium in recent years that the taliban cut back on poppy cultivation and stockpiled raw opium in order to support the price and preserve a major source of insurgency financing.
costa said this to reporters last week as the u.n. drug office prepared to release its latest survey of opium crops in afghanistan.
the survey showed that poppy cultivation has retreated much in afghanistan and is overwhelmingly concentrated in the 7 provinces where the insurgency remains strong, most of which are in the south.
the survey was issued on november 27, 2008.
the united nations found that the amount of land devoted to opium production in afghanistan was reduced by 19 percent, despite a total drop in opium production of just 6 percent.
the study attributes high output to a good growing season in the south.
the heavily irrigated south is where the taliban maintains a strong presence in five provinces and systematically encourages opium cultivation to finance the taliban's insurgency for several years.
the u.n. estimates that insurgents made much more than $ 300 million from opium trading last year.
costa said that the war effort could be funded by between 200 million and 3 billion dollars.
the taliban produced an amount of opium that far exceeded world demand, due to three successive bumper crop years.
costa said the result was a glut that depressed prices that had dropped approximately 20 percent.
costa said the evidence that the price of opium has not collapsed already is that taliban, drug lords and even some farmers are stockpiling opium.
the amount of increased also took place in afghanistan.
costa added that insurgents were holding a significant amount of opium.
costa said the surplus was as much as 11000 tons (equivalent to more than two years of world demand before now) and threatened to devalue their stockpiles.
the united nations found that afghanistan produced 8,500 tons of opium in 2008.
the world's annual demand is estimated at about 4400 tons.
the taliban stood passively by as the cultivation took place this year and less pressure was placed on afghan farmers to plant opium poppies.
then this supports the current price.
costa is an italian diplomat who has served as the u.n. office on drugs and crime for six years.
2001-10-05
south africa (za)
international; terrorism; government; money
the government of south africa imposed a ban on recruitment of mercenaries or foreign military assistance from within or outside the country.
the citizen newspaper stated on 06 october 2001 that it is illegal for south africans to be involved in mercenary activities inside or outside the country.
the citizen newspaper stated that the south african foreign ministry announced on 5 october 2001 that the south african government had imposed a ban on mercenary activities following reports that 1000 muslims who had been trained in military enlistment were leaving the country to fight for the taliban in afghanistan against the united states.
the report claims that the muslims against illegitimate leaders (maill) claims that 1,000 muslims with military training have volunteered to serve and will receive backing from local businessmen.
the report claims that 1,000 muslims all in military training are over 18 years old.
the cape town-based muslims against illegitimate leaders (mali)
the muslim judicial council refutes the report.
the south african foreign ministry stated that south africa's foreign military assistance act prohibits recruitment of people, either inside or outside the country, as mercenaries or foreign military assistance.
the south african foreign military assistance act means that no person may offer military assistance to any state, state organ, group or other country unless the national conventional arms control committee grants permission.
the south african foreign military assistance act means that foreign military assistance can only be rendered in accordance with an agreement approved by the national conventional arms control committee.
the south african foreign ministry stated that any person found to have violated the country's foreign military assistance act or who failed to receive a permit to participate in foreign military activities could be prosecuted and sentenced to a fine or imprisonment or both.
2002-07-01
peru (pe)
international, money, crime, human rights, government, narcotics, politics, leaders
vladimiro montesinos, the former chief of peru's spy agency, was convicted of taking control of the national intelligence service illegally during the tenure of ex-president fujimori.
montesinos was convicted for 9 years and 4 months.
montesinos plans to appeal the sentence.
vladimiro montesinos, the former chief of peru's national intelligence service under ex-president alberto fujimori, was convicted on 01 july 2002 of taking control of the national intelligence service illegally, supposedly only on the advice of the spy agency.
montesinos was sentenced to nine years and four months in prison for abuse of authority.
the sentence also ordered montesinos to pay a $ 30 million fine to the state.
judge saul pena stated that montesinos admitted to charges of abuse of authority.
this ruling is the first of 50 charges against montesinos for corruption, drug trafficking, illegal arms dealing and human rights violations.
montesinos is alleged to have run a bribery network.
the leaked videotape showed montesinos bribing congressmen to switch parties and triggered the events that culminated in fujimori's resignation in november 2000.
fujimori was accused of dereliction of duty and embezzlement and was imposed exile in japan since his resignation to avoid legal action by peruvian authorities under the protection of his dual nationality.
montesinos fled peru in october 2000 but was captured in venezuela on june 23, 2001.
montesinos heard the sentence in the naval base of callao where he has been imprisoned since 2001.
montesinos stated that he consulted with his defense lawyer on the appeal.
2002-07-25
hong kong (cn)
international; government; crime; weapons; narcotics
hong kong police are trying to prevent triad and transnational criminal syndicates from engaging in criminal activities.
hong kong police recently smashed a transnational theft syndicate specializing in exploiting youngsters to commit various crimes, a cross-boundary criminal syndicate specializing in the same, and a local triad gang specializing in the same.
the oriental daily news opined that the hong kong police's recent efforts to cut down 5 people, including so-called "triad branch leader" and "district team leader", after up to 3 weeks of short period of time, is a determination by the police to eradicate criminal activities.
hong kong police have recently worked closely with the public security bureau in guangdong province to exchange intelligence and have carried out a series of raids and operations.
hong kong police cracked down on triad activities including drug trafficking, illegal possession of arms, theft, burglary, robbery, the selling of pirated and obscene records, and the trafficking of dangerous drugs from 18 july 2002 to 24 july 2002.
over 100 police were dispatched on july 24, 2002 to storm a staff of over 100 who were storming a propitiatory dance and wine party organized to settle some disputes between two triad groups in a disco nightclub in kowloon's mongkok district.
police eventually arrested 3 branch leaders and 14 core members of the triad.
police sources confirmed to xinhua news agency that all 17 arrested persons are still in questioning as of july 25, 2002.
a police source in hong kong said the operation had netted all 17 people, resulting from police efforts to infiltrate relevant gangs here.
the police source also intimated that the hong kong police's crackdown on other triad gangs would also be more intensive.
hong kong police have been cooperating with police in the mainland of china and other regions in police activities in their efforts to fight off organized criminal groups.
the first conference to be called so, the international drug enforcement conference in the far east, was held in hong kong in early july 2002.
hong kong was chosen to host the event following a decision made at the idec meeting held in bolivia in february 2002.
42 anti-narcotics officers from mainland china, hong kong, australia, indonesia, japan, south korea, myanmar, the philippines, singapore, thailand and the united states met.
a recent internal newsletter of the hong kong police reported that the aim of the conference was to provide a flexible, forward-thinking environment for information sharing and positive action to counter transnational drug trafficking criminal organizations.
the hong kong police in particular have been particularly intense in exchanging intelligence with police on the mainland.
a delegation of 11 members from the mainland china national narcotics control commission recently visited hong kong to study how the police here enforce their anti-narcotics laws.
the team of 11 people was chaired by deputy director of the bureau of narcotics control of the ministry of public security of china, chen cunyi, and briefed by the hong kong police on enforcement actions to be carried out in hong kong, and led by ip lau chuen, head of the narcotics bureau of hong kong.
the hong kong police also exchanged mutual concerns with the chinese national narcotics control commission and discussed a number of issues, including investigations into drug trafficking and money laundering activities.
the mainland party closed their visit after meeting hong kong deputy assistant commissioner of crime yam tat wing and discussed further proposals for cooperation in combating cross-boundary drug trafficking activities.
2002-07-25
peru (pe)
narcotics; crime; military; government
the peruvian military documents disclose a link between montesinos, the former head of intelligence, and drug trafficking.
the document, signed by a former high-ranking peruvian army officer, was disclosed on july 25, 2002 and may further compromise the situation of vladimiro montesinos, the former head of the peruvian national intelligence service.
the front page story of the peruvian nation's daily el comercio said that montesinos may have authorized drug deals with the leader of the military in the alto huallaga region to find the leaders of the shining path rebel group and the tupac amaru revolutionary movement.
the huallaga province is located northeast of the capital lima.
the story is based on a final report from the attorney general's office.
the reports collected by the attorney general's office collected documents accusing the unnamed peruvian general.
el comercio newspaper said that the government of then president alberto fujimori put the scorpion intelligence operation into effect in 1992 to fight terrorism and drug trafficking in the amazon region.
several agents infiltrated the group as part of the scorpion plan to gather information on the main rebel commander and drug traffickers.
the cocaine was also being transported to cover up the agents.
montesinos was a close adviser to former peruvian president alberto fujimori.
fujimori resigned in november over the bribery scandal and is now in prison in lima on alleged connections to the scandal.
2002-08-29
nepal (np)
terrorism; dissent; military
the bomb defused in kathmandu injured soldiers after the state of emergency expired.
a police officer from the kathmandu city police reported --
1 royal nepalese army soldier was seriously injured on 29 august 2002 when a bomb disposal team attempted to defuse a bomb left on an electricity pole near okubahal city in the lalitpur district of kathmandu.
the bombing was planted by insurgents opposed to the government.
the injured soldiers were admitted to the army hospital in kathmandu.
no other damage or casualties were reported in the incident.
this bomb exploded for the second time in kathmandu since it exploded in the morning of august 28, 2002 in the heart of the city at the bishalbazar supermarket.
the explosion damaged the windows of approximately a dozen shops and injured two customers.
the state of emergency expires on 28 august evening and the nepalese government has yet to decide to reimpose it.
2002-09-05
nepal (np)
terrorism; politics; dissent
insurgents in nepal opposed to the government escalated bombings and murders following the end of the state of emergency.
insurgents plan the attack for the mid-term parliamentary elections.
the nationwide state of emergency in nepal, in effect for 9 months, expired on 28 august 2002.
violence committed by insurgents opposed to the government has escalated across nepal and bomb threats and explosions have occurred throughout the country.
at least five major bombing incidents occurred in the kathmandu valley between 28 august 2002 and 04 september 2002.
the bomb exploded in a supermarket in the center of kathmandu on 28 august 2002 injuring two people.
1 soldier was killed by a bomb in lalitpur district of the kathmandu valley on august 29, 2002.
2 separate bombings occurred after august 29, 2002 in lalitpur municipality and a shop in kathmandu.
the bomb exploded in the kathmandu metropolitan office on 04 september 2002.
guerrillas opposed to the government have murdered and burned or bombed several buildings outside the kathmandu valley where the ruling nepali congress activists and activists of other parties are.
the leader of the underground insurgents stated in an interview with the kathmandu post daily in english that the insurgents will disrupt the mid-term parliamentary elections on 13 november 2002 comprehensively and violently.
british embassy in nepal warned british nationals in nepal on 29 august 2002 of an increasing number of offences against the government and advised them to avoid areas cordoned off by british security personnel.
the embassy stated that intelligence assessments suggest that guerrillas opposed to the government could prepare a city-based campaign to complement their country-wide activities.
the us state department stated that the risk to us citizens and us interests has heightened in particular outside the kathmandu valley after recent bombings.
on 3 september 2002 the us state department publicly stated that insurgents opposed to the government had planned new acts of violence before the 16 september 2002 general strike was declared.
the government of nepal is considering reimposing a state of emergency to maintain law and order.
prime minister sher bahadur deuba stated that he would consult with concerned parties and people on the possibility of extending the state of emergency.
deuba has aborted his planned trip to johannesburg for the world summit on sustainable development and returned to nepal immediately after a nine-day visit to europe due to tensions.
the nepalese government imposed a state of emergency on 26 november 2001 after guerrillas defied four months of unilateral negotiations with the government and attacked army barracks and police posts.
2002-10-19
nepal (np)
terrorism and dissent
guerrillas killed or wounded several policemen in nepal following the breakdown of talks between the guerrillas and the nepalese government on peace.
the state-run radio nepal reported that at least 3 policemen were killed and 19 others wounded in an ambush by guerrillas opposed to the government in a western nepalese village on the evening of october 19, 2002.
the official said the security officials stated that --
3 police personnel including the inspector and sub-inspector were killed when the two police vehicles moved to the tikapur area in kailali district to search for guerrillas.
all the killers and wounded policemen were in the first vehicle.
the driver of the vehicle was also killed in the ambush.
the 5 police personnel are still missing.
wounded police personnel were brought to kathmandu and nepalgunj for treatment and additional security personnel were mobilized in the area to defend against guerrillas.
since the nationwide state of emergency expired in august 2002 after nine months, insurgents opposed to the government have increased their violent activity across the himalayan kingdom.
the government of nepal initiated peace talks with the guerrillas in august 2001 to find a peaceful solution to the 5-year-old guerrilla insurgency that has killed more than 5,000 policemen, guerrilla members and civilians since it began in the himalayan kingdom in 1996.
the three rounds of talks held have not concluded because the guerrillas demand the establishment of a republican state, an interim government and a new constitution which the nepalese government rejects.
more than 3,700 guerrillas and 100 security personnel have been killed since the nepalese government imposed a state of emergency on 26 november 2001 following a series of attacks by the guerrillas on government security forces after the guerrillas broke a four-month ceasefire talks with the government.
2002-11-23
china (cn); russian federation (ru); kazakhstan (kz); kyrgyzstan (kg); tajikistan (tj); uzbekistan (uz)
international; terrorism; politics
chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan reported that shanghai cooperation organization member countries are proceeding with the construction of the organization and that china began discussions on opposing terrorism at the meeting in moscow on november 23, 2002.
china's foreign minister tang jiaxuan stated on november 23, 2002 that the progress of the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) member states in constructing and cooperating with each other has been made.
on 23 november 2002, russian foreign ministers, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan met in moscow to discuss the construction of the sco, a series of international and regional issues.
tang stated that the sco is currently focusing on constructing the mechanism and that the work preparing for the creation of a secretariat is underway under the joint efforts of the coordinators and experts from the six countries.
tang stated that the chinese government also seeks to complete drafting of relevant documents before the next sco summit and to attempt to open an official secretariat after the summit.
tang stated that the sco is still facing a very stern fight against terrorism and cited the hostage crisis in moscow in october 2002.
tang stated that the terrorist attack in moscow demonstrated the need for and correctness of efforts to reduce the three forces of terrorism, separatism and extremism.
tang stated that tang recommends all sco member countries to deepen and expand security cooperation by adopting a joint anti-terrorist and anti-three forces deal and creating a regional anti-terrorism organization in kyrgyzstan's capital of bishkek as soon as possible.
tang stated that the chinese government appreciates and supports some central asian countries' proposal to enhance cooperation on countering drugs.
tang stated that the chinese government has signed a multilateral anti-drug cooperation pact.
tang stated that anti-drug measures are one of the top tasks of regional anti-terrorist organizations.
tang stated that economic cooperation is a key area of cooperation between sco member countries.
all member states should strengthen the political sense of cooperation and regard cooperation as a strategic problem that may affect regional security and the development of the sco, in order to gain substantial benefits from economic and trade cooperation.
tang also referred to the volatile situation in the world and stated that all sco member countries are facing the common and pressing task of managing non-traditional security spheres including terrorism, drug trafficking, smuggling of weapons and transnational money crimes.
tang stated that peace and development still dominate the current age due to the general stability of the world situation and the forward economic development waves.
tang stated that the international community is closely watching the organization and that more countries and international organizations are willing to conduct dialogue and cooperation with the sco.
tang stated that tang recommends that organizations enhance and further strengthen their exchanges and cooperation with other parties with wider visibility and more positive posts, which may also reflect the sco's non-alignment principles and the principles of countering the third party and the sco's openness.
tang stated that the sco will pass a temporary pact on foreign policy at the 23 november 2002 meeting.
tang stated that the pact will start official activity of exchanges between the sco and other organizations and will promote the spirit of shanghai's equality, cooperation, mutual respect of multiculturalism, common development search and mutual trust and mutual benefit.
2002-12-28
iraq (en)
international; proliferation; weapons
united nations weapons inspectors searched 7 sites in iraq for banned weapons on december 28, 2002.
united nations weapons inspectors visited 7 sites in iraq on december 28, 2002 to search for weapons of mass destruction.
a team of united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission (unmvic) biological experts visited the yaffa juice plant of national food industries co. in zafaraniyah industrial area of baghdad.
the plant financed the yaffa plant and had a mixed ownership and was previously declared and monitored site because some of the dual use equipment was located there.
the biology team returned to the al kindi veterinary vaccine site, following up on a previous inspection carried out on december 22, 2002.
some united nations monitoring verification and inspection commission missile experts conducted an unannounced visit to the al qa'ib factory that fills warheads at the al qa'qaa complex that is undertaking the filling of warheads for the al samoud and al fatah missiles.
the chemical support team of the united nations monitoring verification and inspection commission (unmovic) has inspected the ibn younis research institute, which is located in a mechanics design city of baghdad.
hiro ueki said the site was located in a large compound occupied by other companies and institutions including the regional office of the ruling bath party and would be inspected by united nations arms experts.
other inspectors carried out field operations on 28 december 2002 at the hadre air force site near mosul, 400 kilometers (250 miles) north of baghdad, and at two private trading companies.
currently, 105 inspectors are in iraq, including 99 from the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission (unmovic) and 6 from the international atomic energy agency (iaea).
the inspectors were obligated to give the united nations security council's first report on iraq's weapons program by january 27, 2003.
2003-04-28
france; india
international; weapons; military; money; government; technology
the french and indian governments signed a deal to manufacture 6 advanced diesel-propelled scorpene submarines under license production for an estimated 2 billion us dollars.
french defense minister michele alliot-marie conducted security dialogue with the indian leader on the deal.
on 28 april 2003 france offered long-term military cooperation with india including joint development, technology transfer and the sale of high-tech weapons systems.
the french and indian governments have signed a deal to manufacture 6 advanced diesel-propelled scorpene submarines under license production at an estimated cost of 2 billion us dollars.
french defense minister michele alliot-marie conducted security dialogues with the indian leader.
alliot-marie stated --
especially after the recent war in iraq, international cooperation is needed.
france wants to deepen and intensify its defense relations with india.
france has upgraded and is maintaining the optimum operational use of the weapon systems it has sold to india.
in 2002 france offered to sell india the mirage 2002-5 upgrade, technology transfer, thermal imagers for india's t-72 and t-90 tanks, and angle-determination systems for india's artillery.
france agrees.
high intensity mines were strung along the control line in kashmir.
check border-crossing terrorism.
the indian tank's fire control system was upgraded.
alliot-marie met indian defense minister george fernandes before the level delegation talks on april 28, 2003 one to one.
alliot-marie arrived sunday.
2003-06-24
france (fr)
international, government, dissent, crime, terrorism, leader
the french foreign minister characterized the recent raid on the people's mujahedeen in paris as part of the fight against terrorism.
french foreign minister dominique de villepin said on june 3, 2003 that the french government considers the crackdown on the iranian armed opposition group the people's mujahedeen as part of anti-terrorism operations.
french president de villepin said on france info radio that the people's mujahedeen claimed responsibility for numerous attacks in iran and that the dimensions of this terrorism cannot be hidden.
de villepin said the justice would decide the arrest and there was no diplomatic factor in this affair.
de villepin said the french acted on a strict basis of justice in determining to try to fight terrorism all.
french police raided the headquarters of the people's mujahedeen organization in the northwest of paris on june 22, 2003.
the people's mujahedeen accused the french authorities of having a part in the deal with the iranian government and carrying out the operation.
the iranian government has denied these claims.
the judiciary is now investigating 17 members of the mujahedeen organization for alleged links to terrorist organizations and funding terrorist activities.
some 160 people were initially detained in the crackdown on over 10 locations where the people's mujahedeen of iran is based in france.
police raided the premises and seized a map of paris with out-of-bounds streets relating to the american embassy, bulletproof jackets, transmitting equipment, more than 200 computers and about 9 million dollars in cash.
the united states, the european union and iran classified the people's mujahedeen as a terrorist organization.
the iranian young college educated formed the people's mujahedeen in the 1960 s and it was a leftist islamist organization.
the people's mujahedeen staged terrorist attacks inside iran in the 1970 s and killed several us military personnel and civilians working on defense projects in teheran.
the broad coalition of support for the iranian revolution in its initial stages, which participated in the takeover of the us embassy in teheran in 1979, included the people's mujahedeen.
the people's mujahedeen and the government have fallen out and since the 1980 s the people's mujahedeen has built military bases in iraq and political bases in europe.
the people's mujahedeen claimed responsibility for assassinating several iranian regime officials in recent years.
this assassination is the same as the assassination of former evin prison director assodalah ladjevardi in august 1998 and former iranian army chief of staff ali sayad chirazi in april 1999.
2003-07-09
australia (au)
international; weapons; government; leaders
australia's prime minister john howard has hesitated to use military force to intercept a suspected north korean vessel smuggling drugs or weapons, despite pressure from the united states and the creation of the proliferation security initiative.
the australian government is hesitant to use australian military to intercept the suspected north korean vessel trafficking weapons or drugs.
australian prime minister john howard stated on june 9, 2003 that the australian government would not consider contributing militarily at this stage.
howard stated that the government of australia had considered and was considering ways and means of dealing with a very big problem and that the government of australia had to choose a descriptor or word that made sense given that the government of australia was dealing with a volatile issue and a country that was not operating in accordance with the convention.
howard will make reference to koizumi's future talks with japan's prime minister and roh woo-hyun's talks with south korea's president during his visit to the region on 14 july 2003.
the united states government recently formed the proliferation security initiative, an 11-member organization.
the proliferation security initiative (psi) started a meeting in brisbane on 09 july 2003.
members of the proliferation security initiative consider ways to intercept ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.
the united states government has suggested that australian military involvement may be possible in stopping the united states from transporting weapons both by sea and through territorial waters.
2003-11-07
south africa, brazil, india
international; politics
brazilian president lula da silva arrived in pretoria, south africa on 07 november 2003 to discuss bilateral politics and economics with south african president thabo mbeki, scheduled for 08 november 2003.
the south african press association reported that brazilian president lula da silva arrived in pretoria, south africa on the evening of 03 november 03 to discuss bilateral politics and economics with south african president thabo mbeki, who is scheduled to meet with lula da silva on 08 november 03.
the discussions took place in pretoria, south africa.
manusha pillay, a spokeswoman for south africa's foreign affairs, said lula da silva's plane landed at waterkloof air force base shortly after 5:30 pm gmt.
lula da silva's visit to south africa followed a joint commission meeting between the two countries in pretoria in may 2003.
the joint commission was chaired by south africa's foreign minister dlamini-zuma and brazil's foreign minister celso amorim.
dlamini-zuma participated in the brazil-africa forum in fortaleza, brazil in june 2003.
the south african foreign affairs department stated that the outline of the agreement between india, brazil and the historic strategic partnership countries would result in the brazil-africa forum.
india, brazil and south africa were included in the group negotiating with the world trade organization, which recently advocated support for a development agenda for under-developed countries.
the south african foreign affairs department stated that south africa's relationship with brazil is strategic, meaning that south africa has the largest population of africans outside of africa.
the south african foreign affairs department stated that south africa shares with brazil a variety of opinions on global issues including the importance of multilateralism and the expansion of the united nations security council.
lula da silva also addressed new threats to international security, such as terrorism, drugs, illegal weapons trafficking and aids.
the south african foreign affairs department stated that brazil is south africa's largest trading partner in latin america.
brazil's trade with south africa totaled $ 6.96 billion in 2002 and the balance of trade went south africa's way by $ 296 million.
the south african delegation briefed brazilian officials on the progress of the africa union and the new partnership for the development of africa, which is aimed at developing africa.
2004-04-03
russia (ru)
international, government, technology, military, space, and leadership.
french president jacques chirac became the first western leader to visit the top-secret test and control center for russia's space program, titov, in krasnoznamernsk.
french president jacques chirac became the first western leader to visit the top-secret test and control center for russia's space program, titov, on april 3, 2004.
chirac flew to krasnoznamernsk to meet with russian president vladimir putin at the space center.
putin and russian defense minister sergei ivanov greeted french president chirac at the space center in krasnoznamernsk, some 40 kilometers (25 miles) southwest of moscow.
in 20050700 a military facility close to the soviet era was found and information was collected and analyzed all information gathered from russian military spy satellites.
the space center also involves in the launch of icbms and works on the plan to develop an early warning system.
putin and chirac held a two-hour meeting.
russian space forces commander lieutenant-general vladimir popovkin reportedly said that russia's priority is to expand cooperation with france in space and that this includes a statement by president chirac and president putin.
france is the leading country in the european space agency (esa).
chirac visited russia while the russian government was displaying unease at the latest nato military expansion at russia's borders and the imminent enlargement of the european union into the former soviet union's sphere of influence in eastern europe.
putin said at a press conference following the meeting that russia's activities to defend national security are not aggressive and are not targeted at anyone.
the space center is a military facility and is run by the russian space forces and is operated in a tightly secured manner.
putin said that chirac's visit there indicated that russia was developing the most advanced weapons systems while russia was finding it possible to acquaint itself with french partners in this project.
putin stressed that this points to russia's transparency and openness on security matters.
2004-04-07
philippines (ph)
international; terrorism; media
records from the philippine immigration bureau show that the two suspects are most likely to stay in the philippines.
abs-cbn news reported on april 7, 2004 that a record from the philippines immigration bureau showed that the two high-profile suspected terrorists were most likely to stay in the philippines.
abs-cbn news stated that one of the two suspects identified is isamudin raduan hambali.
hambali is alleged to have masterminded the 2002 bali bombings.
the philippines immigration bureau's records show that hambali was allowed to enter and leave the country in 2001.
hambali is on the asian continent's most wanted terrorist blacklist.
hambali was arrested in thailand in february 2004 and july 2007.
the immigration bureau has only recently received intelligence reports on hambali's records in the country.
according to the records, sheik mohammed khalid has traveled to the country a number of times.
sheik mohammed khalid allegedly funded the terrorist network in the philippines.
a high military and police alert was placed on the week starting 040504.
6 suspected abu sayyaf criminals were captured in separate raids last week in metro manila.
the suspects were foiling a plot to launch a terrorist attack that would have been as devastating as the bombings in madrid, spain.
president gloria macapagal-arroyo said in a statement on april 7, 2004 that the government is closely watching foreigners who may teach local rebels and terrorists how to make bombs and launder money from the terrorist al-qaeda organization.
the abs-cbn news channel is a local television station in manila.
2004-04-29
china and germany.
international; government; technology; politics; economy
chinese premier wang qishan discussed with german chancellor angela merkel ahead of her visit to europe a broad plan for cooperation between the two countries, which are important trade partners.
wen stated the main purpose of the visit to germany was to advance trade, economic and technology exchanges.
chinese premier wen jiabao stated in an interview with dieter stolte on april 29, 2004 that the chinese and german governments should establish solid cooperation, enhance consultation on major international issues, and strengthen trade and technology exchanges further.
die welt publishes an interview with wen jiabao before wen's imminent visit to europe.
wen will start a 5-nation european visit on 040502, including germany.
wen stated that chinese people are familiar with germany in particular because of the profound influence of karl marx on the revolution and construction of the economy of germany.
wen stated that germany is the country of many renowned thinkers, writers, philosophers and artists.
wen stated that gottfried leibnitz's call for a classical german philosophy called for chinese confucian thought to be influential on the enlightenment movement in the 18 th century.
wen stated that wen's visit to germany was to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.
the chinese and german governments are expected to further increase cooperation in this regard.
wen stated that wen's brief visit to frankfurt during wen's 1988 tour of the nordic nations was a sincere and fruitful friendship between china and germany and that the friendship was an activity.
wen pledged to establish development goals for china-germany relations and stated that mutual trust constitutes the foundation of bilateral relations.
wen stated that china's trade with germany amounted to 41.8 billion u.s. dollars and that the trade was a third of china's trade with europe.
wen stated that china-german trade is expected to double with europe in 2010.
wen stated that the chinese and german governments have plans to closely cooperate in high-tech research and development and medium and small-sized enterprises.
wen stated that the creation of a channel to settle trade disputes between countries is important and that china and germany should address their concerns.
china considers germany to be its most important trade partner in europe.
wen made this statement in germany where 600 chinese enterprises have invested internationally, out of 7000 chinese enterprises.
wen stated that the chinese government supports chinese enterprises investing in germany with loans, insurance, foreign exchange, finance and investment.
china has much less investment in the country than germany does in china, because germany only started investing in china recently.
wen stated that the investment projects by germany in china have exceeded 3.5 billion and are near 100 billion u.s. dollars in total investment.
some german firms, such as volkswagen, siemens and daimler-chrysler, have a good reputation for high quality and efficiency.
wen stated that chinese enterprises can progress and learn modern management by cooperating with german partners.
wen stated that germany is china's closest european partner in terms of technology transfer.
wen stated that china considers its relations with the eu as a crucial part of china's diplomatic strategy and that china and europe have developed a comprehensive scheme of partnership since 2003.
wen stated that he is optimistic about the eu soon lifting the arms embargo on china and giving china market economy status.
wen stated that the cold war arms embargo was an outdated result of the cold war.
wen stated that the current situation in iraq is deeply concerning to china and that china sympathizes with the people of iraq.
wen stated that china and europe have a similar position on the issue of iraq's reconstruction.
wen stated that the united nations should play a dominant role in the reconstruction of iraq and that every country should participate.
wen stated that china will participate in the reconstruction process of iraq.
wen stated that it is easier to win a war than to win peace, which is much more difficult.
wen stated that he is deeply worried about the increasing tension between palestine and israel and hopes the chinese government can resolve the dispute between the two countries through political negotiation so that the land can be shared in peace.
wen stated that the un resolutions must be implemented in regard to the situation in palestine and israel.
wen stated that the chinese government supports the plan for peace in the middle east and remains firmly opposed to any violent retaliation.
wen stated that the general health of the chinese economy is very good, the economy is growing fast, corporate profits are increasing, farming production is improving, foreign trade volumes are expanding, financial revenue and individual income are growing rapidly, and asked for wen's comment on the temperament of china's rapidly growing economy and the realization of balanced growth.
the chinese government has increased macro-economic control and employed all administrative methods necessary to restrict excessive fixed asset construction that causes the price of capital goods to rise and strains coal, electricity, oil and transport supplies.
wen stated that the chinese government controls loans and land supply and is advancing reforms to address the current economic structural and systematic problems.
wen stated that the new leadership of china will begin to resolve the problem of coordination between city and country development and different regions and will focus on the balance between economic growth, social progress, domestic construction and external work and development and respect for nature.
wen stated that the countries should cooperate in this field to utilize peaceful nuclear energy with equality and mutual benefits, wen was asked to comment on the promise by the german federal chancellor gerhard schroeder to support the sale of nuclear fuel from hanau to china.
2004-09-22
china; kyrgyzstan
international; government; crime; dissent; terrorism
china and kyrgyzstan pledged to try to crack down jointly on terrorism and other things that threaten regional and global security.
china and kyrgyzstan agreed in a joint communique that terrorism, separatism and extremism still pose a major threat to regional security and stability.
the communique was signed by chinese premier wen jiabao and kyrgyzstan premier nikolai tanayev on september 22, 2004.
the communique said that china and kyrgyzstan will strengthen coordination and cooperation between authorities and relevant authorities in accordance with the shanghai convention on combating terrorism, separatism and extremism and the china-kyrgyzstan agreement on cooperation in combating terrorism, separatism and extremism.
the communique stated that china and kyrgyzstan would continue to adopt strong measures to jointly fight all forms of terrorism and maintain peace and tranquillity in the countries and the whole region in accordance with the framework of the shanghai cooperation organization.
china and kyrgyzstan agree that the international anti-terrorism campaign is a major crackdown on eastern turkistan terrorist forces.
the so-called eastern turkistan terrorist group is a number of secessionist terrorist cells.
the communique said that china and kyrgyzstan agreed to promote consultations and cooperation on issues of common concern in accordance with the framework of the united nations and other international organizations.
china and kyrgyzstan said in a communique that peace and stability should be established on the basis of the un charter, international law norms and principles.
china and kyrgyzstan also agree that international disputes should be solved peacefully, that the united nations should play a leading role in safeguarding world peace and security, and that development modes should be diversified.
china and kyrgyzstan further agreed in a communique that the purposes and principles of the shanghai cooperation organization conform to reality and that the development trend and activities of the organization are conducive to regional peace and stability.
the communique said that china and kyrgyzstan will work together with other shanghai cooperation organization members to fight terrorism, separatism, extremism, drug trafficking, illegal immigration, cross-border crime and effectively fight against terrorism, separatism, extremism, drug trafficking, illegal immigration and cross-border crime.
the communique said that china and kyrgyzstan were ready to expand cooperation with other sco member countries in the economic and other fields and promote the sco's relations with other countries and international organizations and strengthen the sco's role in maintaining regional peace and global peace and development.
2004-10-09
vietnam and germany.
international, government, technology, politics, economy, money, leaders
after the asia-europe meeting summit in hanoi, german chancellor gerhard schroeder attended a meeting with the vietnamese government leaders.
german and vietnamese officials signed five documents on financial, technical and business cooperation totaling over 260 million dollars.
a media report stated that vietnamese and german officials pledged to further their countries' relations in fields such as investment, trade and technology and to support each other in the united nations on 10 october 2004.
german chancellor gerhard schroeder will attend the asia-europe meeting summit in hanoi on october 8 and 9, 2004.
vietnamese leader stated that the vietnamese government supports the german government's bid for a permanent seat on the un security council and wants to strengthen relations between the two countries in a separate talk and meeting held on 09 october 2004.
vietnamese prime minister phan van khai stated that schroeder's visit was important for vietnam's relations with germany and for closer cooperation between the two continents.
vietnamese and german officials signed 5 documents on financial, technical and business cooperation totaling over 260 million us dollars.
the document covers cooperation in financing for two stages in 2003 and 2005, the purchase of 16 locomotives from the vietnam railway corporation and equipment for a local cement plant.
vietnamese president tran duc luong stated that the vietnamese government likes to receive more technology transfers and experience from germany and that vietnam is developing under the process of industrialization.
schroeder stated that german officials attached great importance to vietnam and that they were attempting to strengthen bilateral ties.
the german government supports the vietnamese government's bid for a non-permanent membership in the un security council for the 2008-2009 term and encourages small and medium-sized enterprises from vietnam to do business in germany.
the government of germany offered official assistance worth more than 480 million dollars from 1990 to 2003 to the government of vietnam primarily for poverty reduction, agricultural development, healthcare and economic reform.
vietnamese trade with germany rose 7.7 percent to reach 1.4 billion dollars in 2003, including 815.4 million dollars in exports.
2004-12-19
hong kong, china (cn)
technology and international
the hong kong university collaborates with mainland chinese universities and mainland businesses and mainland government sectors to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote the commercialization of high-tech research and technology transfer.
in 2004, hong kong's tertiary institutes contributed to the improvement of hong kong's relations with the mainland of china in terms of high technology research and development, as an activity of the institutes.
the university of hong kong collaborates with the mainland chinese tertiary education, business and government sectors to direct training programs and research centers to promote commercialization of research and technology transfer.
in june 2004, hong kong polytechnic university joined the university's science and technology park in shenzhen, china, which is china's first tertiary institute established in mainland china to establish research centers and training facilities.
polyu president poon chung-kwong stated that the public and private sectors in hong kong will strengthen their connections with the mainland of china in various areas.
poon stated that hong kong's cooperation with china has facilitated the university's more effective promotion of technology transfer and human resource development in mainland china, creating positive results for both hong kong and china.
the city university of hong kong signed an agreement with the university of science and technology of china in anhui province in june to establish a joint high-level research center in suzhou.
the chinese academy of sciences established the university of science and technology of china.
the agreement is based on the principle of mutually beneficial collaboration, complementing each other's strengths to work together on joint research projects, supervision of research students, teaching and administration of professional training opportunities.
in addition to joining a large-scale high-tech exchange program with a mainland chinese educational institute, the hong kong university also partners with a mainland chinese educational institute to enhance communication between the mainland and hong kong in the discipline.
hong kong university of science and technology demonstrated its latest achievements in research and development at the 6 th annual china hi-tech fair held in shenzhen in october 2004.
hkust demonstrated more than 30 new technologies and new products covering a wide range of technologies including nanotechnology, multimedia, logistics, radio frequency identification technology, advanced manufacturing and biotechnology.
hkust is also collaborating with a prominent mainland manufacturer to develop high-capacity lithium batteries based on nanomaterials.
this is the most recent collaboration in a series of technology transfer agreements reached by hkust and successfully reached.
hkust president paul ching-wu chu stated --
hkust has increased funding for research into new technologies required by the pearl river delta's industries.
the university continues to leverage its extensive relations with international research institutions and multinational corporations to enhance the development of advanced technologies with immediate and practical applications in china.
i am 24 and my mother is 25.
i have been broken up with my son's father since august.
i want to start dating other people and my father's son said nothing to do with him.
he is very possessive and controlling, but he doesn't have a right to be because we are together.
he's going on too much in his life right now and i've told him several times i don't love him and he doesn't love me.
i want him to be there for his son, but he doesn't need me, either.
he has no one, his family don't get along with him and they have issues.
i don't want to be miserable anymore and i'm more miserable when he's around longer.
i don't want him to be there because he's a good father or at least trying to be one.
i believe every child needs both parents, whether together or not.
but he thought no one could have me if he couldn't.
what am i doing with my life?
it is very bad that your ex-significant other is threatening you using your son.
you cann't give in to that or it just escalates.
you have the right to live your life and be happy, so you don't cave in to his threats.
he would see people regardless if he really loved his son, but this is just the typical method of control that he uses.
other people say it's like i'm killing myself if you leave me, does it get through to you?
when is your date?
meet all kinds of people.
do what you want.
you'd be better off without him if his price for walking out of your life voluntarily was that he'd have no money.
i agree, the other thing is that he is not in business, whether you are dating or not.
i'm not telling him.
he is not threatening, he is not concerned about your personal life.
can you document the threats he made?
you really need this.
quit taking his calls and make him leave voice mail.
make him email or text you.
keep that record.
get a lawyer and divorce.
try to get legal aid if you can't afford one.
tell your ex-significant other that all communication needs to go through a lawyer.
the bus driver, the people till, and the people delivering your food want the exact change.
do they realize that you don't get a pile of change from the bank?
someone has to take notes somewhere?
people are getting lazy.
i'm as close as i can be, because i don't like counting copper all day.
if you take a twenty pound note on the bus, they'll just tell you to get on the bus because they're hell lazy.
there is no legal requirement to pay a certain amount in a load of coins for example you can only pay 30 pence in a pound.
hello, i started university in september but i'm not immediately gelled in with it like most people are.
i do know that my adjustment will take some time, but i am very introverted, shy, especially anxious, and all the rest.
on my first night here, i went out with all my housemates and it was the hardest thing i've ever had to do.
i went to bars by myself when i was sober.
here's the fact: the more points, the better.
i didn't enjoy university after being here for about 5 months, i was disillusioned, i didn't enjoy the set project and i didn't like the course delivery much.
the university is making out much better than it seems.
i started off badly, finance for students is delayed and added to the stress levels, and i'm so worried i cann't progress with my work, so that's the conclusion.
i was assigned a counselor at the university and saw him in a block session about 5-6 weeks and it really didn't work out because i never opened up to him, if i'm being honest.
only half hearted.
i'm loaded with work now, neck deep, have major deadlines to hit, depressed and the anxiety results in feeling miserable all the time.
i have no counsel anymore because you can only have a person at a time and i doubt it will help me much if it hasn't already.
i lack motivation, i don't feel comfortable with the people lecturing me, and i feel like i want to give in but i cann't because i'll end up with a dead end job and aspire to be someone.
i'd rather die than be uneducated and not live the life i want to live, and the matter is getting worse by dropping out of university.
i'm 21, turning 22 this year, i don't have much time to fail and i have to do something.
i didn't want to go over and over the system and fail consistently. i failed college once and did another course so i could get into university.
can someone advise me on some of the best ways to translate this graph into natural language text?
and you can go and see your doctor and see if there is a way you can extend your deadline to try and ease the pressure a bit.
send an email like this to your tutor, they will consider the circumstances, don't worry, they have seen all before, i know, i work in the university administration department.
break your work into manageable chunks.
concentrate on one bit of work at a time, the most urgent assignment obviously.
shut off your housemate, do well, because you are trying something new from the very beginning. keep it now.
i would recommend that you go see your doctor too.
you can always benefit from speaking to someone, you're always anxious, my friend got therapy from the nhs, it's really normal, it's because of anxiety.
and try to get an extension, i'm sure your uni will allow it if you're honest.
it's hard to keep strong and keep on living.
my mum divorced, she had horrible times with my stepfather and she was sent off to find a new freedom and she was sent round the bend.
she has epilepsy and manic depression with huge anger problems.
she is constantly horrible to me.
i cann't cope with her outbursts and the hateful nasty things she says at home.
i am 18 years old and at the point of my break i was studying full time at a private school with high pressure in the 6 th form with a 95 % bursary.
i cann't work from home because she shouts at me.
so i was angry with my teacher then.
she was lovely in the first minute, like i had my mummy back, then she turned into the most spiteful living human being in the next.
i didn't pass my a2 exams and i've already accepted that i've been defeated and this year of my life has made me fail.
i don't know if i can come back to this, but the university has offered me the most amazing offer, but i cann't even accept it.
i wish i could wipe her out from my life, things would be so much better without her.
then i thought, " well, i'm just selfish then."
but surely this is not what my life is like, is it?
it's so much better.
but i feel like i'm powerless to control this downhill spiral.
and i don't know what to do.
thank you for reading.
nice vent.
you cann't get her section for that.
does she even have a history of mental illness or a diagnosis?
you sure don't know you're not getting a good grade, so you'll accept a place if possible.
life throws things at you all the time.
if you are not in your family, then you are an outsider.
i have dealt with verbal abuse from my dad for 8 years before i came to university and honestly the only reason i'm here is because it's the only way out of it.
if you really want out, work hard.
really, if she cann't give you consistent support, you need to get it somewhere else.
can you call childline or something similar?
you can go to the library on saturday and study for 8 hours good.
can you go to your friend's house to form a study group?
so, she's the section that's a bit painful in the arse and you're blaming her for all your problems?
i know how you feel.
my mum would spit hell too.
i would highly recommend taking up smoking.
oh tsr grew up and stopped nagging, it's a joke.
i think i became a much weaker person in the last 2 years and i have been dulling down my personality way to try to befriend some people at university.
but people are led to believe that they can say whatever they want to me or do whatever they want to me.
they showed no absolute respect.
for example, i say hello to someone from the university, and they ignore me, but 30 minutes later they decide they want my help with some work, and i give it to them.
it's caused a lot of anger and distress in my life and it's really started to affect my concentration at university.
anyone get any experience handling things like this or how to go about getting some respect back?
just say no.
if it's not particularly comfortable for you, do it gradually.
you can start with " sorry i'm not busy "
of course you wouldn't go over the top with it, you wouldn't go in the completely opposite direction.
if you don't think no mind, then you're saying no.
they start respecting you more when they start realizing you won't bend backwards over for them.
this is really such a bad attitude, of course you can be respected, but you're not nice, you just let them do anything to you, that's not nice, that's a fool.
i don't know if anyone will read this, but i just feel despair and i need to tell someone.
i left home in september and started university, i am incredibly anxious about doing this but i delayed thinking about it until i got here, now i am here and have been here for over two weeks, i feel overwhelmed by it all and feel unintelligent and socially awkward.
i've been struggling emotionally since i moved to secondary school, losing my dad around the age of 9 and always blaming it on how i felt, and i've had two periods of counselling in my life, roughly 15 months apart, from december 2009 to this year, around march.
i feel like i'm in the moment of feeling something that resembles, " my life problems are overwhelmingly credible and i'm making myself doubt my self esteem is always low." i cann't concentrate on work, i often find myself becoming very quiet in social occasions and i doubt anything and everything.
my two counselors did not diagnose me with depression and suggested i was not suffering from depression, but i was huge worried about depression because my dad died of depression and committed suicide.
i tried to solve my problems before, i found particular exercise and meditation useful, i also tried things like self-help books and tapes, in general i feel this is my life, i generally feel this is my one chance to exist and my one chance to be a young man, i'm beating this feeling away.
i don't know what to do, i never follow through on what i think i should do, my friends often say i'm lazy, and i cann't disagree a lot of the time, i feel like people are trying everything they can to help me, but i fail again and again.
sorry to anyone who has read this jumble of a mess, but i do feel a bit like a self-seeking moaner, but i am truly desperate.
when people are in new situations and feel the pressure to socialize with strangers and fit into a new role (e.g. university student), their existing feelings become more intense.
i am not a health professional, and i can only speak from my own personal experience, so i strongly suggest you see a qualified health professional for your depression and your worries about it.
snt1 ( feel like most people feel like they're not intelligent and awkward when they get to university, so you're definitely not alone there; snt2 i would really recommend you get an appointment with the counselling service at your university; snt3 it doesn't really matter what anyone tells you, you're depressed or not; snt4 you have some problems obviously, and you can use some support; snt5 it's not as important as the experience you have, it's just a label; snt6 meditation and exercise are really helpful, so try and do that; snt7 but you have to engage with help and general life to get somewhere, whereas you don't have to beat yourself up because you feel like you're not motivated to do anything at the moment; snt8 a lot of people feel like this, and hopefully this will pass when you start to feel better; you're not the only one, and you're not the only one who feels like this; snt9 kind to yourself, and get some help;
good luck.
i think a lot of people would feel the same way you do, but they would probably medicate themselves using their friends, and that's not necessarily a solution, but definitely better than being alone and depressed, and if you feel like chatting, you can message me privately either way.
if you are me, i focus on idols, if you are you, you aspire to be someone who comes from a bad background and ends up succeeding, happy, having a family, marrying etc etc, but you don't want to be them, you admire and respect them.
you focus on what you achieve in life, you don't state what you study or why you study it, you want the experience, your mum wants you to go, you need a degree for the career you want.
so you sum up why you're there and you work your butt off to get the best grade you can because when you get your degree you have something to say like " hey, i didn't fail, i worked hard and i passed."
x
i hope this helps.
i'm pretty much not autistic, i'm just a clumsy idiot who walks on my toes all the time, but i think the doctor was misdiagnosing me.
it's more comfortable for me.
so they made the decision that walking on toes is a sign of autism because it seems so random and never indicates.
well, i can have things that are signals of something in the autism spectrum, but you don't have one or two.
you guys know what i mean.
walking on toes could be a symptom of autism.
headaches are a possible symptom of brain tumors.
feeling tired a lot could be a symptom of leukaemia.
symptoms are not always applicable, but are worth noting when they occur in a lot of cases, as in this instance, clearly, as they would never be diagnosed without being noted.
i'm walking on my toes, but i'm bearing with strange under-curled toes that had to have surgery two years ago.
my brother is autistic, but i didn't notice it either, so the spectrum is so broad, and i probably have a mild form of asperger's, which is why i have communication problems and don't pick up on social/body language reactions.
then i don't have the proper diagnosis and you might even have some symptoms but that doesn't mean you have a certain condition.
i don't walk on my toes much because i've been told not to for years.
i have dyspraxia.
so you could be dyspraxic or have short tendons.
i find it more comfortable now that i've drilled it with people who do dance, gymnastics, ballet, etc.
i read too much into random symptoms that resemble that.
hello, i'm 12 years old (which is 13 years old in 2 days) and i'm addicted to self harm.
i started slitting my own fingers with scissors when i was 7 and never stopped from that day on.
it's gotten worse because i have a scar on my leg from when i slit it open stapling my ex boyfriend's name because i wouldn't stop bleeding.
i have several slits in my arm.
they healed and i then cut myself with a staple and razor that i had robbed from school.
i took around 5 paracetamol and other drugs with lager and vodka and couldn't find a cutting tool.
i'm really tempted to cut off my arms or burn myself to death while writing this.
i'm an addict, i'll cut again when one heals.
i think about it every day.
i am 12 years old and my life is already sick.
this is from a person who left me when i was 7 years old and didn't want to know me anymore.
he just cares about his little new girlfriend and his wife and his new life that i don't want.
my best mate died when i was 10 years old.
i am 16 and i am forbidden to speak to boys because of the events and the age difference.
my mum also suffers from bipolar and i have depression.
i don't want to stop.
i don't care what i do, i want to do it over and over again to torture myself, i hate myself.
but i love my best mate to bits, he means the world to me and if he did anything i would do anything.
i'm not telling him, but he'll find out.
i don't want to hurt him, he doesn't want to hurt himself.
what do i amr?
thank you for reading.
are you on any drugs or do drugs get any therapy?
talk to your school nurse or your general practitioner and tell them what's going on.
maybe your trusted person who you can tell is a school teacher.
if you tell them, they can help you.
if you keep it bottled up inside, it's only going to get worse.
i trust you, and it's better to get this thing out of the way as early as possible, rather than let it get even worse.
don't do this.
i'm 17 and started self harming last year by cutting my main arm, but i stopped a few months ago.
it's hard but you can do it.
i feel so much happier but when i see the scar it reminds me of how i felt at that time and how strong those feelings were and i want to do such things to myself.
also strong, you can do it, i found salvation through writing poetry and keeping a journal.
self harm is addictive, but you can overcome it.
remember, self harm is not a definition of who you are.
you can overcome it.
so i think i got ocd form because i found myself always checking my belongings to ensure i didn't lose or leave anything behind when i went out especially to university and that happened last year.
i have to check twice a day, and after 30 seconds i cann't resist checking again for some reason.
what caused this?
am i crazy or something?
it is often carried by many things, and even still checked on a daily basis, is this any extent of ocd?
i cann't do this.
i get very anxious if i don't check, often with a lot of anxiety that i cann't wait that long.
i feel doomed if i lose my wallet or phone.
i just wish i could go out without worrying about leaving something or losing something every two minutes.
i really don't know what to do and i'm afraid to go to a general practitioner.
they probably never heard of some compulsion like this and i just don't know what to do.
do any of you have a ritual like that?
people think i'm crazy but it's very strange how you get out of this.
what advice can you give me?
i used to do this on my way to college, and i had a list of things i knew i had, and i used to compulsively check on the bus.
i know it's easier to say than do, i have more severe anxiety now and think this is a warning sign, so you just try to wean yourself off the habit when it's relatively fresh and definitely visit your doctor, not just telling you to keep checking this out.
don't worry about that, the doctor saw a much worse case.
i did ocd today in psych class.
you can just avoid compulsive acts, so you don't have to check to see if you've lost something and just leave it.
the level of anxiety will gradually increase over time, but hopefully your ocd will disappear over time.
that just sounds like you're anxious instead of having a really bad ocd.
i get up every 20 minutes to check that all the locks in my house are particularly locked.
i'm sometimes convinced they're not locked, but i know they are.
i think it becomes a real problem when your obsessive interruptions to your daily routine really start to become a problem.
you definitely aren't crazy, so don't worry, and i'm sure your gp will understand the issue.
i'm going for therapy for other reasons as well and they encouraged me to pick a number less than 20 to check on and stick with and cut down.
i think the idea is to teach me, and i'm still ok if i check 5 times or 20 times.
i'm a lot better so far and i definitely think anyone who wants to improve will.
i'm usually pretty calm about things and like to take things as they come and i'm not too worried about it.
but i found myself becoming really anxious about it in the last month or two and i'm not talking about mere nervousness from the blue.
i began to feel panicky about a variety of things that i hadn't worried about too much before, even things that crossed my mind as something that would ring alarm bells in my head.
i'm not sure if this is because of this lifestyle change (going from a free care student to an unemployed graduate) or this is a signal of other issues, but this is beginning to bug me because it affects my confidence and happiness.
i spoke to a few people including my parents, but all think i'm going through a random phase and should hold off on action until the serious problem is cleared up.
so what is the best thing to do?
you speak to the doctor and see if there is a pill that can take the edge off the anxiety.
do i see myself speaking to a counselor?
or should i take the advice of my close friends and just keep an eye on the anxiety until it becomes a problem?
well, i wouldn't start trying to eye your anxiety, it'll make me tense and more likely to panic more. there's a circle of death there.
i would recommend that you try to focus on something that will guarantee you a smile or a feeling of being happier, as soon as you start to feel a bit of panic.
or if you cann't do that, you get your friends to make you laugh when you start to feel panicky, and it works for me, and i suffer random panic attacks and i laugh loudly about it.
i just started to worry about the tiny things really, but not as severely as you from the sound of it.
i find just talking to someone else about the things that make you anxious helps.
i found it perhaps a way not to moan, i mentioned my worries to my mum and saw her reaction to the situation was calm, as i would have recommended, which made me feel better about it, as i knew it was a big deal but i didn't need to be anxious about it.
if it worsens, go to the doctor.
i have a friend who suffers from severe anxiety that prevents him from leaving the house and doing things, because he worries so much about what might go wrong.
the doctor gave her medication and it made her much better.
braawwk
braaaawwwkkk
it took it a long time.
the circumferential route 288 opened in late 2004, running around the southwest quadrant of the richmond-new urban region.
it has already changed the developmental pattern and caused localized traffic congestion around its exits.
the richmond times-dispatch today told the tale of the impact of the huguenot trail in powhatan county.
will jones reported that traffic on one section of huguenot trail has more than doubled since the opening of 288.
as well as the speed and accident surge.
so far this year, 17 accidents have been reported near the intersection of winterfield road, up from 12 all of last year.
dale totten, a resident engineer with the virginia department of transportation, said the government agency could have four lanes on the road for about $ 13 million if it had more money.
of course vdot doesn't have the money to construct roads in the richmond region.
vdot spent all its frigging money on 288 because the politicians and boosters locally wanted it.
where is homer simpson when you need him?
this is a major moment, doh!
we predict that the route 288 will generate residential development in the scarce populated area around all the exits, overtaxing the local country roads.
others choose where to work and where to live, but limited access highways can relieve traffic for drivers between chesterfield and goochland counties going back and forth.
and they create traffic congestion in new places.
only this rapidity surprises me.
i even think it could be 3 or 4 years.
think about it, roads are created to create exits for roads, so why would you think that a road that has already created a $ 13 million dollar construction just for this exit would be liable for all of the exits on the road?
another predictable thing.
the need for new road improvements soared after a few more years of scattered subdivision development and approval of a mega-commerce project at the intersection of 288 and a major road.
well, we may see liability for the unfunded zooning well before the end of the decade.
the idea is that of a brainiac who thinks that such a great idea is the name 288 route.
thanks for nothing.
i think we could spend 4 billion dollars elsewhere in a better way.
i think you shouldn't blame 288 for creating those people.
what if they are not enough to create new traffic congestion in the new places?
will traffic be congested in the old place as well?
now you understand how tmt in fairfax feels.
i usually take the road position.
288 is definitely excessive with glaring needs in other parts of the state.
richmond has virtually no traffic.
the last 30 minutes of rush hour.
and you give them the beltway through a large rural area.
road to nowhere.
just think, this money could be spent on another potomac river crossing or on desperately needed road improvements in nova.
the insult is that the state's rest helped pay for 288 in last year's budget deal, adding insult to injury, and that wiped out the debt.
very nice of you to oblige us.
but there's not much sense in that.
it's the same problem.
if you get ahead of the need, you are the cause of sprawl.
if you build in places where there is already an acute need, you cann't pave your own way out of congestion.
anonymous
that's a fair point.
5:26 made a good point.
this situation, however, hammers home the validity of the things reported by the state auditor's office that found that the ctb and vdot had funded transportation projects based on the best lobbying, instead of on the basis of a comprehensive state transportation plan.
i submit this is a situation that is not to be tolerated and is a disgrace.
and senator chichester and his toady have poured more money into this flawed institution, making it worse.
what is the purpose of expending transportation funds?
it is for the benefit of private business plans, not for public interest in virginia.
you're dead wrong.
walter stoch stated that the money was intended to pay for the development of the economy and not for the 288 road.
come on folk.
tmt, i don't understand your point.
you're stuck in traffic last time you weren't destined for some sort of business or from it.
in whole, it seems to me that the roads are there to facilitate the public's interest in getting into private business and getting from private business.
business support is overwhelming, but it's sunday, grandmother's location is being tripped and of course there's a soccer game.
we don't wonder why we suffer from congestion problems because our expenditures on roads don't match the increase in business or domestic state products.
if we recognize the primary benefit of roads to business, then we should do two things.
businesses will pay more for transportation and we will incentivize businesses to locate where they will be the least stress on the system even if that means more overall travel.
why is it so hard to understand?
to solve the functional pattern of human settlement and the balance of transport system capacity and travel demand generated by land use.
all else is spin.
emr
tmt said it was for the benefit of private business plans and not for public interest in virginia.
i don't see the point of this statement because it appears to demonize private business plans and put the public interest above all else.
i think they are intertwined and tightly so because they are virtually the same.
the problem is local because this cookie dough is lumpy.
but in the end, if we demonize business long enough, we will eventually find ourselves working for the devil, in aggregate.
i don't see the point in claiming that the solution is to balance the dynamic, ever changing, natural balance.
you even see positive rail to dulles because the airport is a job center that promotes bidirectional demand.
i agree.
in fact, that reason alone is sufficient, all by itself.
all i'm saying is that the same logic should be applied to roads.
they should have a destination at the end of both so we can use our investment to the maximum.
we need more places to get closer to the balance that you say we need.
here's the reality check.
i drive past watkins landing every morning and evening.
i commute back and forth from my work location on huguenot trail.
i never saw anything remotely resembling a traffic flood.
it's in a 55 mph zone where cars are going 75-100 mornings.
the huguenot trail road is already planned to be widened because of heavy development demands from the chesterfield side, a new school, and a whole bunch of development that has existed for years and was funneled through robious road for years.
288 is wonderful for those of us who actually use it instead of the bottleneck that lack of 288 is for powhatan and west chesterfield county.
we can develop commercially and work closer to home.
you might think that's irrational use of land.
i don't desire to live in any city.
i refuse to work in the downtown area.
i refuse to use mass transit that is unsafe for female commuters who work long hours outside of regular work hours.
and i would like to see a lot of development happen.
i don't exactly understand how i'm keeping horses on a quarter acre lot, supposedly.
a gallon of gas could go for $ 10.
and i still pay my taxes to live in the country.
many people legitimately prefer horses, hunting, gardens, and certain small businesses to living in the urban core.
this infatuation with city living truly baffles me.
anonymous 6:37, every person has the right to live in the country if they wish to.
you're not right that the rest of the state should underwrite the construction of a 4 billion dollar highway to make shopping and getting to work easier.
the 288 road debate has consistently overlooked other things that could be spent on for $ 400 million.
if money is applied to other pressing road projects or even to non-road projects that god forbid, much of the traffic congestion can be alleviated.
i would like to direct my comments to ray hyde, the investor who is lobbying for roads to be placed near his property and the incompetent and unfunded system that is requesting this.
xinhua news agency, beijing, september 1 st, by reporter guojun yang
central military commission vice chairman huaqing liu said at a meeting with thai vice premier chavalit yoncayu at the diaoyutai state guesthouse today that china places great importance on the development of friendly relations and especially economic and trade cooperation with thailand.
huaqing liu said that chinese and thai people have traditional friendship and the relations between the two countries are also very friendly.
he said that this visit by vice premier chavalit and mutual visits by high-level leaders from china and thailand will promote further development of relations and efficient cooperation between the two countries in all fields.
chavalit said he was extremely happy to meet liu, the vice chairman.
he said that china's economy has been developing rapidly and that the thai government and people feel extremely happy about it in recent years.
he said he agreed with huaqing liu's opinion that thailand and china should further develop various forms of economic and trade cooperation.
(end)
beijing, september 1, xinhua news agency --
foreign ministry spokesperson guofang shen announced at a news conference held this afternoon that hungarian president gentzs aerpade will pay a state visit to china from september 14 to 17 at the invitation of president zemin jiang.
he also announced that gabonese republic premier casymier auye muba will visit china formally and friendly from september 6 to 11, invited by chinese premier peng li.
tanzanian premier and vice president john malsela visited china from september 9 th to 13 th on an official invitation from state council premier peng li.
(end)
xinhua news agency, bishket, april 23 by menjun ju and xiaoguang hu
6 documents were signed today here by the principles of the concerned chinese and kirghiz parties.
premier peng li and kirghizia president akayev attended the signing ceremony.
the 6 documents include: an agreement between the kyrgyz government and the kyrgyz government on kyrgyzstan's loan to kyrgyzstan's government; an agreement between the chinese and kyrgyz governments on the formation of a combined economy and trade committee; a note on the presenting of materials by kyrgyzstan to kyrgyzstan; an agreement between kyrgyzstan and kyrgyzstan on kyrgyzstan's cooperation with kyrgyzstan on culture; a ratification letter on kyrgyzstan's exchange of a consular treaty with kyrgyzstan; an agreement between kyrgyzstan's trade promotion council and kyrgyzstan's chamber of industry and commerce.
after the signing ceremony, president akayev and premier peng li answered the questions of the reporters respectively.
akayev highly commended the results of the conference with peng li.
he expressed that this visit by premier peng li promotes peace, security and stability in central asia.
he feels the recent signed documents are very important in enforcing good neighborhood relations and friendly cooperation between both countries.
premier peng li said that this visit will improve mutual friendship and understanding and set a good foundation for further cooperation between china and kirghizia.
he expressed hope that central asia would be stable and develop and that people's living standards would continue to improve.
peng li hopes that kirghizia news media will relay the greetings from china to the kirghiz people.
(end)
xinhua news agency, tokyo, september 1 st, by reporter yiguo yu
the japanese delegation participating in the far east and south pacific region handicapped sports meeting (fespic 6) held a grand swearing-in ceremony in tokyo this afternoon.
the japanese flag was hung on the chairman's stage.
below the stage, there are sportsmen, coaches, doctors, nurses and official delegation members sitting neatly.
the ground of the ceremony was filled with an atmosphere of confidence and eagerness for progress.
japan's state welfare ministry vice minister souyasen delivered a speech bolstering the delegation.
souya said the far south sports meet held in beijing was an international sporting event that attracted world attention and was the largest scale game to date.
he hopes that all athletes will fully demonstrate their strength and skills cultivated daily, and that athletes should compete with honest athletes from various countries, as the japanese representative competitor does.
souya emphasized that the japanese delegation must use this opportunity to participate in the beijing far south sports meeting to deepen friendship with athletes from various countries and expand the scope of international friendship.
souya handed over the japanese delegation's flag to banminyan, the director of the tokyo handicapped integrated sports center.
this reporter feels that the japanese handicapped sports team has been well trained and disciplined and possesses a fighting spirit after the tight, orderly, warm, serious swearing-in ceremony.
japanese delegation flies to beijing on the 2 nd.
they will remain in beijing for two days after the sports meet closing ceremony to carry out their activities of interacting with relevant chinese parties, visiting and touring the city, and will return to japan on the 13 th.
(end)
in the script of the broadcast today titled " preparation of mongolian handicapped athletes for the far south sports meet " it is recommended that lahagewasulen, chairman of the sports association, change lahagewasu, chairman of the sports association, at the end of paragraph 3.
xinhua news agency, august 31 st, 2011
xinhua news agency, seoul, august 31 st, by reporter shuifu tang
china started competing in the le tian cup go game in fushan, the largest city in korea, today.
in the first round of competition, the chinese team defeated the stronger korean team by 4-3.
each side has seven players competing in the go game today.
weiping nie, xiaoguang liu, hao chang, dayuan cao of the chinese team and guibing cui, xiuying zhang, fengzhu xu and xuange lin of the korean team respectively defeated ninth-level weiping nie, xiaoguang liu, hao chang, dayuan cao of the chinese team and guibing cui, xiuying zhang, fengzhu xu and xuange lin of the korean team respectively.
xiaoguang liu, hao chang and weiping nie won the middle game including.
dayuan cao won by a 7.5 - 0 margin.
xunxuan cao (9 th), changhao li (7 th), changhe liu (6 th) of the korean team and jing lui (5 th), xiaocun ma (4 th) and jianhong wang (4 th) of the chinese team respectively defeated xunxuan cao (9 th), changhao li (7 th), changhe liu (6 th) of the korean team and jing lui (5 th), xiaocun ma (4 th) and jianhong wang (4 th) of the chinese team respectively.
xunxuan cao won the middle game including.
li changhao won by 6.5 points, and li changhe won by 7.5 points respectively.
runan wang, the leader of the chinese delegation, said in a telephone interview with the reporter that if the overall speaking is stronger, the korean team is stronger than the chinese team.
however, the chinese team performed better today and won.
today's performance by our young competitor hao chang stood out especially, defeating korea's fengzhu xu in the middle game.
fengzhu xu has won many championships before in international competitions.
he won 9 games completely before he played against the chinese who played go.
on september 1, the chinese go team shifted to seoul and on september 2, the korean go team competed against each other at the le tian hotel.
if the chinese and korean teams draw 7-7, the final result will be determined by the result of weiping nie's competition with xunxuan cao, in accordance with the rules discussed and agreed upon by both sides.
this time, the prize money for the competition was $ 100,000 and the winning team got $ 70,000 and the losing team got $ 30,000.
(end)
xinhua news agency, rome, september 1 st, by aiguo yang and changrui huang
the preliminary diving boards of the seventh world swimming championships here this morning held here.
china's lan wei and sheng chen qualified for the semi-finals.
wei lan, a 26-year-old guangdong native this year, scored a total preliminary score of 355.35 points and occupied the leading position.
sheng chen from hubei province, who scored a total of 342.60 points and is 19 years old this year, temporarily took the sixth position.
bao lizuo, the german athlete who scored 355.02 points, is in second place temporarily.
zimbabwean competitor si aiwan scored 354.39 points total.
after the competition, the chief coach of the chinese diving team said to our reporter that sheng chen was a little nervous today.
he also said that our athletes are not very used to competing under strong sunlight.
they train mostly indoors at home.
we still need more training outdoors.
he feels there are more new competitors from our country participating in this competition.
they still lack international competitive experience.
the preliminary diving women's 10-meter platform competition was held today in the afternoon.
mingxia fu, who won the championship for our country at the world championships and the olympic games, and hebei-based bin chi, who won the championship at the world cup, will compete.
(end)
xinhua news agency, rome, september 1 st, by reporter changrui huang and aiguo yang
the ideal performance would be for china's female diver mingxia fu and bin chi to perform in the first round of the preliminary diving competition for the 10-meter platform at the seventh world swimming championships held here today.
this reporter dispatched, during the first six rounds of competition, mingxia fu occupied the first position with a total score of 339.12 points, and bin chi occupied the third position with a total score of 290.19 points respectively temporarily.
they are already hoping to enter the heat if there is no accident.
the united states competitor richard occupies the second position.
she performed 303 times.
lan wei and sheng chen who are our competitors have already gained the right to heat in the preliminary men's 1 m platform diving competition this morning.
the women's preliminary polo water competition today resulted in a 13-7 defeat of the hungarian team by the canadian team, a 10-9 defeat of the french team by the brazilian team, a 10-8 defeat of the australian team by the german team, a 7-6 defeat of the russian team by the netherlands team, a 10-5 defeat of the kazakhstan team by the united states team, and a 12-2 defeat of the new zealand team by the italian team.
the team of 12 total participated in the competition.
(end)
